Straight Bone Rattlesnake

medium

# `Lock.sol#withdrawAllUnlockedToken()` -` getLocks` will always use `lockCount` as limit, which can be weaponized

## Summary
`withdrawAllUnlockedToken` is used to loop through all the locks that `msg.sender` has and then attempt to withdraw from each one of them.
```solidity
function withdrawAllUnlockedToken() external override nonReentrant {
        uint256 lockCount = locklist.lockCount(msg.sender); // Fetch the total number of locks for the caller.
        uint256 page;
        uint256 limit;
        uint256 totalUnlocked;
        
        while (limit < lockCount) {
            LockedBalance[] memory lockedBals = locklist.getLocks(msg.sender, page, lockCount); // Retrieves a page of locks for the user.
            for (uint256 i = 0; i < lockedBals.length; i++) {
                if (lockedBals[i].unlockTime != 0 && lockedBals[i].unlockTime < block.timestamp) {
                    totalUnlocked += lockedBals[i].amount; // Adds up the amount from all unlocked balances.
                    locklist.removeFromList(msg.sender, lockedBals[i].lockId); // Removes the lock from the list.
                }
            }

            limit += 10; // Moves to the next page of locks.
            page++;
        }

        IERC20(stakingToken).safeTransfer(msg.sender, totalUnlocked); // Transfers the total unlocked amount to the user.
        emit WithdrawAllUnlocked(msg.sender, totalUnlocked); // Emits an event logging the withdrawal.
    }
```

The function uses getLocks, which takes a page and a limit. The issue here is that lockCount is always used as the limit, meaning that the while loop will continue looping many times, while getLocks will return the user locks once and then not return anything.

Because the while loop will basically do pointless loops, this can be weaponized by another user, by inflating `msg.sender` locks, forcing him to pay much more in gas fees and potentially permanently freezing the function because of OOG error. 

## Vulnerability Detail
Example:
1. Alice currently has 10 locks and she wants to use `withdrawAllUnlockedToken` so she can withdraw all her 10 locks at the same time.
2. Bob sees this and front runs Alice, creating thousands of new locks for her with dust amounts, using `stake`.
3. Alice's tx goes through, her `lockCount` is now massive.
4. The first iteration of the while loop will retrieve all the `lockedBals` of Alice, including the phony ones, because `getLocks` is called `lockCount`
5. The 10 valid locks are unlocked, the thousands of phony ones aren't.
6. `limit += 10` and `page++`, so now the next iteration of the while loop starts
7. On all iterations after the first getLocks will return an empty lockedBals array, which will then be iterated in the below for loop, which expends even more gas.
8. This will continue until, `limit >= lockCount`, effectively wasting a lot of gas, for a lot of operations that didn't do absolutely anything, causing an OOG error, and freezing the function.
9 After this, the phony locks will stay, if the user wants to remove them, he has to exit each of them one by one and then withdraw them, which will cost even more gas. If he doesn't do this, `withdrawAllUnlockedToken` will be frozen permanently.

**Note** that this will always inflate the gas cost of the function as if Alice had 1000 real locks and all 1000 of them got withdrawn from and removed, this will happen in the first iteration of the while loop, so the rest of the iterations of the while loop are completely pointless. This will waste exceptionally more gas on chains like Ethereum mainnet, where tx are much more costly.
## Impact
Gas griefing victims => lost of funds for gas.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L415-L426
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Completely rework the function, as it doesn't work as intended currently. The function will always loop through all the locks, while it should loop through some of them, that's the point of `limit`.

Modify the function so that it accepts a an array of lock id's and then only loop through them, this way the user can specify exactly which locks he wants to withdraw from, instead of unnecessarily looping through all of them.