Raspy Silver Toad

medium

# [M-1] Incorrect Argument Passed to getLocks Function in Smart Contract

## Summary
The smart contract in question has a potential malfunction issue related to the pagination in the `withdrawAllUnlockedToken` function. The function is passing the `lockCount` instead of `limit` to the `getLocks` function, which could lead to incorrect pagination.

## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability lies in the `withdrawAllUnlockedToken` function of the contract. This function is designed to retrieve a page of locks for the user and perform certain operations. However, it is passing the `lockCount` instead of `limit` to the `getLocks` function. This could potentially lead to incorrect pagination and unexpected behavior of the contract.

## Impact
The impact of this vulnerability could be significant. Incorrect pagination could lead to incorrect or incomplete processing of the locks. This could affect the overall functionality of the contract and could potentially lead to unexpected results for the users.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
function withdrawAllUnlockedToken() external override nonReentrant {
    uint256 lockCount = locklist.lockCount(msg.sender);
    uint256 page;
    uint256 limit;
    uint256 totalUnlocked;
    
    while (limit < lockCount) {

       - LockedBalance[] memory lockedBals = locklist.getLocks(msg.sender, page, lockCount);
       + LockedBalance[] memory lockedBals = locklist.getLocks(msg.sender, page, limit);

        for (uint256 i = 0; i < lockedBals.length; i++) {
            if (lockedBals[i].unlockTime != 0 && lockedBals[i].unlockTime < block.timestamp) {
                totalUnlocked += lockedBals[i].amount;
                locklist.removeFromList(msg.sender, lockedBals[i].lockId);
            }
        }

        limit += 10;
        page++;
    }

    IERC20(stakingToken).safeTransfer(msg.sender, totalUnlocked);
    emit WithdrawAllUnlocked(msg.sender, totalUnlocked);
}   
```
## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
It is recommended to correct the pagination in the withdrawAllUnlockedToken function. The getLocks function should be called with limit instead of lockCount to ensure correct pagination. This would prevent potential malfunction of the contract and ensure correct processing of the locks.