Tangy Zinc Jaguar

high

# No check for `lockPeriod` and `rewardMultiplier` in _stake function.

## Summary
When a user wants to stake, they need to pass typeIndex to specify the lockPeriod and rewardMultiplier for staking. However, if the lockPeriod and rewardMultiplier for the same typeIndex are changed by the setLockTypeInfo function before the user’s transaction is added to the block, this will result in unexpected lockPeriod and rewardMultiplier, which the user may not want.


## Vulnerability Detail
Let's say when the user was signing the transaction, the lockPeriod and rewardMultiplier were 30 days and 3, respectively. However, by the time the transaction was executed, the lockPeriod and rewardMultiplier had changed to 60 days and 1 for the same typeIndex. As a result, the user's tokens will be staked for a longer period with a lower reward multiplier, which the user would not want because they will now receive less reward due to a lower lockedWithMultiplier.


## Impact
The user will now receive less reward because of the lower multiplier, and their tokens will be locked for a longer period.

## Code Snippet

## References
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L260  


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implementing check for lockPeriod and rewardMultiplier in _stake function.    
```solidity
    function _stake(
        uint256 amount,
        address onBehalfOf,
        uint256 typeIndex,
        bool isRelock,
        uint256 expectedPeriod,
        uint256 expectedMul
    ) internal whenNotPaused {
        if (typeIndex >= lockPeriod.length || amount == 0)
            revert InvalidAmount();
        if (rewardMultipliers[typeIndex] != expectedMul || lockPeriod[typeIndex] != expectedPeriod)
            revert InvalidtypeIndex();
    }

```