Formal Taupe Wasp

medium

# `Lock.calcPenaltyAmount` rounding is in user's favor

## Summary
Stakers pay less penalty for early exit because [Lock.calcPenaltyAmount](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/703fd3604069489937037f20490ec8c492c0508e/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L569-L586) round down in favor of the user instead of the protocol.

## Vulnerability Detail
When stakers exit early, they need to pay a penalty fee that is calculated as follows:
```solidity
        if (lockPeriod <= defaultRelockTime || (block.timestamp - userLock.lockTime) < lockPeriod) {

            penaltyFactor = (unlockTime - block.timestamp) * timePenaltyFraction / lockPeriod + basePenaltyPercentage;
        }
        else {
            penaltyFactor = (unlockTime - block.timestamp) * timePenaltyFraction / defaultRelockTime + basePenaltyPercentage;
        }

        // Apply the calculated penalty factor to the locked amount.
        penaltyAmount = userLock.amount * penaltyFactor / WHOLE;
```
All `timePenaltyFraction / lockPeriod`, `timePenaltyFraction / defaultRelockTime` and `userLock.amount * penaltyFactor / WHOLE` will round the penaltyFactor percent down, which means the staker will end up paying less `penaltyAmount` than intended.

A malicious entity can stake the highest amount of staking token that will make `userLock.amount * penaltyFactor / WHOLE` return 0. This would allow them to stake, earn rewards and unstake without paying penalty amounts. 

For example, in the current setup, the penaltyFactor is 44999 and WHOLE is 100000. This means the user can supply 2 wei of staking token and the penaltyAmount will result in being 0.

>[!NOTE]
The user stakes only 2 wei, but can receive much more rewards depending on the lock multiplier. This can be done multiple times to farm a sufficient amount of rewards.

## Impact
Loss of funds for the protocol because stakers who exit early pay less `penaltyAmount`. Can be used to stake and unstake in the same block to farm rewards.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/703fd3604069489937037f20490ec8c492c0508e/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L569-L586

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider rounding the result up.
