Orbiting Mocha Snake

medium

# The `Lock::withdrawAllUnlockedToken` function does not have the `whenNotPaused` modifier.

## Summary

The `withdrawAllUnlockedToken()` function can be called even when the system is in a paused state.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `withdrawAllUnlockedToken()` function does not have the `whenNotPaused` modifier applied to it. This means that users can invoke this function even when the system is in a paused state. As a result, users would still be able to withdraw their unlocked staking tokens, leading to modifications of the protocol's state.

This is undesirable, as the purpose of pausing the system is to prevent any further changes to the system state. By allowing the `withdrawAllUnlockedToken()` function to be called during a paused state, it undermines the intended functionality of the pause mechanism.

```solidity
    function withdrawAllUnlockedToken() external override nonReentrant {
        [...]
    }
```

This problem also occurs in the functions `exitLateById()` and `withdrawUnlockedTokenById()`.

## Impact

Users can invoke the `withdrawAllUnlockedToken()` function at any time, even when the system is paused, allowing them to withdraw their unlocked staking tokens and modify the protocol's state, which undermines the purpose of the pause mechanism.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L409-L430

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The `withdrawAllUnlockedToken()` function should have the `whenNotPaused` modifier applied to it.