Round Coal Condor

medium

# Users cannot set a deadline for earlyExitById/exitLateById, which may cause users to lose many assets.

## Summary

Users cannot set a deadline for earlyExitById/exitLateById, which may cause users to lose many assets.

## Vulnerability Detail

When the user chooses to end the lock, he/she can cal the function earlyExitById or exitLateById to complete. A key variable in this process is coolDownSecs. The calculation of the coolDownSecs is completed by the function calcRemainUnlockPeriod, which determines how much penalty the user needs to pay or how long it takes to withdraw the stake tokens.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L596-L607

```solidity
function calcRemainUnlockPeriod(LockedBalance memory userLock) public view returns (uint256) {
    uint256 lockTime = userLock.lockTime;
    uint256 lockPeriod = userLock.lockPeriod;
    
    if (lockPeriod <= defaultRelockTime || (block.timestamp - lockTime) < lockPeriod) {
        // If the adjusted lock period is less than or equal to the default relock time, or if the current time is still within the adjusted lock period, return the remaining time based on the adjusted lock period.
        return lockPeriod - (block.timestamp - lockTime) % lockPeriod;
    } else {
        // If the current time exceeds the adjusted lock period, return the remaining time based on the default relock time.
        return defaultRelockTime - (block.timestamp - lockTime) % defaultRelockTime;
    }
}
```

However, in the current calculating implementations, differences of even a few seconds can result in huge differences. For example, when lockPeriod = defaultRelockTime = 30 days, block.timestamp - lockTime = 30 days - 1 sec, the result will be 1 sec (a small value). But when block.timestamp - lockTime = 30 days + 1 sec, the result will be 30 days - 1 sec (a large value), which is a huge difference. Therefore, users may want to exit the staking a few seconds before the lockPeriod expires. However, due to network congestion or other reasons, the actual execution time of exit may be delayed for a long time (exceeding lockPeriod), resulting in a large calculated coolDown time. Ultimately, users have to pay a large penalty or wait more time to claim their staked funds (while being unable to continue receiving rewards).

## Impact

User may have to pay much more penalty.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L596-L607

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add a deadline parameter to the functions earlyExitById and exitLateById to enable reverting when the deadline is exceeded.