Dazzling Cotton Jellyfish

medium

# User Could Change The State Of The System While In Pause Mode

## Summary

The `Lock.sol` contract allows the contract owner to pause and unpause the contract, which affects the state of the system and should disable all modifiable actions. However, the `pause()` functionality does not fully restrict users from interacting with the system during the paused state, potentially leading to unintended consequences and confusing UI interactions.

## Vulnerability Detail

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L349
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L409
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L517

Users are able to call `Lock::exitLateById` even when the system is paused, which leads to a number of potential issues:

* Users can still exit their locks after the lock period has passed, effectively changing the state of the system while it is supposed to be paused.
* If the `Lock::exitLateById` is called by accident, the user won't be able to call `Lock::restakeAfterLateExit`, because the `Lock::_stake` function will revert if the system is paused. This could potentially be seen as a potential DoS vector from the user's perspective, as the whole idea of `Lock::restakeAfterLateExit` is to allow users to revert their mistake and stake again after a late exit.
* Users can call `Lock::withdrawAllUnlockedToken` and `Lock::withdrawUnlockedTokenById` to collect their stacked tokens, however, they won't be able to collect their rewards via `Lock::getAllRewards` because the system is paused. This again, leads to a confusing user experience, as the user should be able to collect their rewards as they have exited the stake and have received their corresponding stake tokens.

## Impact

The vulnerability allows users to interact with the system in unintended ways during the paused state, potentially leading to confusion, unintended consequences, and a lack of expected functionality.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
@> function exitLateById(uint256 id) external { // missing `whenNotPaused` check
 ...
 }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Proof of concept

1. The owner deploys the `Lock` contract.
2. Alice starts staking tokens.
3. Owner pauses the contract using the `pause()` function, due to unforeseen circumstances.
4. Alice mistakenly calls the `Lock::exitLateById` function. This in turn modifies the state of the system, even though it is paused.
5. Alice is unable to call the `Lock::restakeAfterLateExit` function due to the paused state, unable to correct her mistake.
6. After the lock period has passed, Alice calls the `Lock::withdrawAllUnlockedToken` and `Lock::withdrawUnlockedTokenById` functions to collect her staked tokens, but she is unable to collect her rewards using the `Lock::getAllRewards` function due to the paused state.

## Recommendation

Consider adding the `whenNotPaused` modifier to `Lock::exitLateById`, which will mitigate all of the above-mentioned issues. This will ensure that users cannot interact with the system in ways that could lead to unintended consequences or confusion.

```diff
@@ -346,7 +348,7 @@ contract Lock is
     /// @notice Allows a user to execute a late exit from a lock by specifying the lock ID, updating unlock times and reducing locked balances.
     /// @dev This function adjusts the unlock time based on the remaining cooldown period, updates the locked balances, flags the lock as exited late, and logs the exit.
     /// @param id The unique identifier of the lock from which the user wishes to exit late.
-    function exitLateById(uint256 id) external {
+    function exitLateById(uint256 id) external whenNotPaused {
         _updateReward(msg.sender); // Updates any pending rewards for the caller before proceeding.
 
         LockedBalance memory lockedBalance = locklist.getLockById(msg.sender, id); // Retrieves the lock details from the lock list as a storage reference to modify.
```
