Scruffy Fuchsia Sealion

medium

# The user can lose rewards if tokens are with 6 decimals.

## Summary
In the `_getReward` function when the transfer of the funds is happening the reward is divided by 1e36 which will lead to the user losing rewards.

## Vulnerability Detail
As it is said in the documentation the protocol will also interact with USDC and USDT which are tokens that contain 6 decimals. Now the protocol will function fine with tokens that contain 18 decimals because in the `_notifyReward` function the `cumulatedReward` is assigned to have 36 decimals but it only accounts for tokens with 18 decimals. This is the math behind it:
```solidity
 function _notifyReward(address _rewardToken, uint256 reward) internal {
        if (lockedSupplyWithMultiplier == 0)
            return; // If there is no locked supply with multiplier, exit without adding rewards (prevents division by zero).

        Reward storage r = rewardData[_rewardToken]; // Accesses the reward structure for the specified token.
        uint256 newReward = reward * 1e36 / lockedSupplyWithMultiplier; // Calculates the reward per token, scaled up for precision.
        r.cumulatedReward += newReward; // Updates the cumulative reward for the token.
        r.lastUpdateTime = block.timestamp; // Sets the last update time to now.
        r.balance += reward; // Increments the balance of the token by the new reward amount. 
    }
```
Let's say the reward is 100e18 and the lockedSupplyWithMultiplier is 1000e18 this will function fine because the value that the newReward is set to will now have 36 decimals. But if the token that was staked contains 6 decimals this will not work.
If the reward is 100e6 and lockedSupplyWithMultiplier is  500e6, the math will be:
100e6 * 1e36 /  500e6
This will result in a number with less than 36 decimals to be more exact it will be equal to a number with 31 decimals.
So the cumulatedReward will have a value with 31 decimals;

After this when we call the `getReward` function and the rewards are set and calculated with the cumulatedReward and the lockedWithMultiplier balance which will contain a token that has 6 decimals the result will still be with less than 36 decimals.
After this when the `_getReward` function happens this is the calculation:
```solidity
 IERC20(token).safeTransfer(_user, reward / 1e36);
```
This will divide the reward with 1e36 and the result will be 0 because we can't divide the reward which will have less than 36 decimals with a number that contains 6 decimals.

## Impact
The user won't be able to withdraw the amount of rewards he has because he will lose the rewards.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/703fd3604069489937037f20490ec8c492c0508e/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L538-L559

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
If the protocol allows tokens that contain 6 decimals make a calculation which will set them to 36 decimals as well in the cumulatedReward value.