Tangy Zinc Jaguar

high

# Taking advantage of an incorrect calculation of `coolDownSecs` in the `exitLateById` function when the lock period is over to withdraw staked tokens early.

## Summary
When the lock period is over, the staked tokens are automatically relocked for the defaultRelockTime repeatedly if the defaultRelockTime is shorter than the lock period.

In the specific condition where the defaultRelockTime is less than the lock period and the lock period is over, we use `defaultRelockTime - ((block.timestamp - lockTime) % defaultRelockTime)`, which is incorrect.

We will now only talk about condition when our defaultRelockTime is less than lock period and lock period is over.

let's see example below why `defaultRelockTime - ((block.timestamp - lockTime) % defaultRelockTime)` is wrong:  
Lock period: 30 days   
defaultRelockTime: 20 days  
40 days have passed since the staking lock time.  
Now our RemainUnlockPeriod should be 10 days because after 30 days, our new lock started for 20 days. As we know, 40 days have passed, which means 30 days of the lock period and 10 days from the new lock period, which is defaultRelockTime, which is 20 days. Therefore, our RemainUnlockPeriod should be 20 days - 10 days = 10 days.  

But due to `defaultRelockTime - ((block.timestamp - lockTime) % defaultRelockTime)`, our RemainUnlockPeriod will be 20 days, which is incorrect.  

Now, users can take advantage of this to not complete the defaultRelockTime and withdraw staked tokens early.
  

## Vulnerability Detail
Scenario:  
Lock period: 30 days  
defaultRelockTime: 20 days  
(40 days - 1) have passed since the staking lock time.
If we use this to calculate the coolDownSecs or RemainUnlockPeriod then It will return 1 using calcRemainUnlockPeriod function but it should return 10 days + 1.

because of our wrong calculation user Now able to withdraw 10 days early.

## Impact

If users are aware of this issue, they can take advantage by withdrawing the locked amount early. However, if they are unaware, it can create a disadvantage also due to the incorrect coolDownSecs calculation.


## Code Snippet
## References
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L605  
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Below is the correct way of doing this:  
```solidity
    function calcRemainUnlockPeriod(LockedBalance memory userLock) public view returns (uint256) {
        uint256 lockTime = userLock.lockTime;
        uint256 lockPeriod = userLock.lockPeriod;
        
        if (lockPeriod <= defaultRelockTime || (block.timestamp - lockTime) < lockPeriod) {
            // If the adjusted lock period is less than or equal to the default relock time, or if the current time is still within the adjusted lock period, return the remaining time based on the adjusted lock period.
            return lockPeriod - (block.timestamp - lockTime) % lockPeriod;
        } else {
            // If the current time exceeds the adjusted lock period, return the remaining time based on the default relock time.
            return defaultRelockTime - (block.timestamp - lockTime - lockPeriod) % defaultRelockTime; //->here
        }
    }
```