Interesting Tawny Scorpion

high

# Lack of access control `notifyUnseenRewards` can cause inflated reward rates and stealing of reward tokens

## Summary

Permissionless `notifyUnseenRewards()` can result in inflated reward rates and stealing of reward tokens

## Vulnerability Detail

The following known risks are mentioned in the contest details:

> Any MEV issues related to sending of the reward tokens are known risks. For example if a user sees a large amount of rewards being sent to the contract in the mempool, it is acceptable that another user frontruns the sending of the rewards by staking ahead of the distribution. This risk is intended to be acceptable due to the fact that we'll keep the lowest lock time at around 30 days.

> It is acceptable for users to try and front-run the sending of the rewards and staking before hand. Typically this will be taken care of via MEV-blockers, but even if not, it would still be considered acceptable given that the nature of the contract prevents deposits and withdraws in the same transaction.

However, there is a caveat here that the protocol definitely did not consider. Since `notifyUnseenReward()` is permisionless, front-running of the sending of rewards is not explicitly required. They can simply steal already notified rewards by bundling a transaction and performing the following, since the multiplier multiplied directly with amount staked and in turn multiplied with `cumulatedReward` which is never decremented.

1. Transfer added reward token directly into `Lock.sol`
2. Call the permisionless `notifyUnseenReward()`, this inflates `cumulatedReward`
3. Call `getRewards()/getAllRewards()`, and claim  donated tokens + protocol sent tokens 

This has 2 impacts:

- Steal all notified reward tokens
- Artificially inflated `cumulateReward`, essentially inflating the reward rate and forcing the protocol to pay more rewards to subsequent stakers even if not intended
## Impact

- Steal all notified reward tokens
- Artificially inflated `cumulateReward`, essentially inflating the reward rate and forcing the protocol to pay more rewards to subsequent stakers even if not intended

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking-nevillehuang/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L474
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking-nevillehuang/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L504-L512


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

1. Implement similar checks to synthetix as seen [here](https://github.com/Synthetixio/synthetix/blob/develop/contracts/StakingRewards.sol#L127) which ensures provided reward amount is not more than the balance in the contract
2. Implement access control in `notifyUnseenReward()`, only allowing a reward distrbutor contract/admin to notify rewards
