Wild Taffy Stallion

medium

# Unfair reward distribution due to reward calculation design

## Summary
Rewards are calculated based on `rewardData[_rewardToken].cumulatedReward` and this makes unfair reward distrubition. 
## Vulnerability Detail
For a user reward is calculated like that:
1. User stakes token and then `rewardDebt` is calculated with current `cumulatedReward` (cumulatedReward_1). 
	```rewardDebt[_user][rewardToken] = rewardInfo.cumulatedReward * bal.lockedWithMultiplier;```
2. When user wants to get his reward with `getReward`, first it executes `_updateReward`. [Here is](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L622) actual reward calculated with `_earned` function. (In this time I'll call to `cumulatedReward` -> cumulatedReward_2)
```solidity
function _earned(
        address _user,
        address _rewardToken
    ) internal view returns (uint256 earnings) {
        Reward memory rewardInfo = rewardData[_rewardToken]; // Retrieves reward data for the specified token.
        Balances memory balance = balances[_user]; // Retrieves balance information for the user.
        earnings = rewardInfo.cumulatedReward * balance.lockedWithMultiplier - rewardDebt[_user][_rewardToken]; // Calculates earnings by considering the accumulated reward and the reward debt.
    }
```
3. Actual reward =  `balances[_user].lockedWithMultiplier * (cumulatedReward_2 - cumulatedReward_1)` = `balances[_user].lockedWithMultiplier * ΔcumulatedReward`

`cumulatedReward` value increases when anyone stakes. Imagine Alice and Bob deposit the same amount token with same multiplier but different time period. They should get same amount of reward. But if `ΔcumulatedReward` is different the reward is also different and `ΔcumulatedReward` will most likely be different. 
## Impact
Unfair reward distribution due to reward calculation design.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L455-L462
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L538-L559
## Tool used
Manual Review
## Recommendation
Consider implementing a time based reward system.