Round Wintergreen Otter

high

# `Lock::exitLateById` and Withdraw functions allow critical state changes during `paused` state

## Summary
The `exitLateById`, `withdrawAllUnlockedToken`, and `withdrawUnlockedTokenById` functions do not use the `whenNotPaused` modifier, unlike the `earlyExitById` function. This inconsistency allows users to call these functions and change important contract states even when the contract is paused, which is not intended during a paused situation.

## Vulnerability Detail
The [`Lock.sol`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol) contract includes a `whenNotPaused` modifier to prevent certain functions from being called when the contract is paused. However, the `exitLateById`, `withdrawAllUnlockedToken`, and `withdrawUnlockedTokenById` functions do not utilize this modifier. Consequently, these functions can still be called and execute state-changing operations even when the contract is paused, potentially leading to inconsistent states and unintended behavior.

- [`Lock::exitLateById`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L349-L371)
  - This function allows users to exit their locked positions late, updating unlock times and reducing locked balances. Without the `whenNotPaused` modifier, this can occur during a paused state, which may not be desirable.
- [`Lock::withdrawAllUnlockedToken`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L409-L430)
  - This function allows users to withdraw all their unlocked tokens. Executing this function during a paused state can lead to unexpected state changes.
- [`Lock::withdrawUnlockedTokenById`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L437-L444)
  - This function allows users to withdraw specific unlocked tokens by their lock ID. Similar to the other functions, executing it during a paused state can alter important contract states.


## Impact
Allowing state-changing operations during a paused state can lead to inconsistent states and unintended behavior, undermining the purpose of pausing the contract, which is to prevent any state changes during an emergency or maintenance period.

## Code Snippet
- [`Lock::exitLateById`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L349-L371)
- [`Lock::withdrawAllUnlockedToken`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L409-L430)
- [`Lock::withdrawUnlockedTokenById`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L437-L444)


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add the `whenNotPaused` modifier to the `exitLateById`, `withdrawAllUnlockedToken`, and `withdrawUnlockedTokenById` functions to ensure they cannot be called when the contract is paused. This will prevent state changes during a paused state and maintain the contract's integrity.

```solidity
function exitLateById(uint256 id) external whenNotPaused {
    ...
}

function withdrawAllUnlockedToken() external override nonReentrant whenNotPaused {
    ...
}

function withdrawUnlockedTokenById(uint256 id) external nonReentrant whenNotPaused {
    ...
}
```
