Tangy Zinc Jaguar

high

# Taking advantage of an incorrect calculation of `coolDownSecs` in the `earlyExitById` function to withdraw early with minimum penalty.

## Summary
When the lock period is over, the staked tokens are automatically relocked for the defaultRelockTime repeatedly if the defaultRelockTime is shorter than the lock period.  

In the specific condition where the defaultRelockTime is less than the lock period and the lock period is over, we use `defaultRelockTime - ((block.timestamp - lockTime) % defaultRelockTime)`, which is incorrect. 

Let's consider the example below to understand why `defaultRelockTime - ((block.timestamp - lockTime) % defaultRelockTime)` is wrong:

Lock period: 30 days   
defaultRelockTime: 20 days   
40 days have passed since the staking lock time.   
Now, our RemainUnlockPeriod should be 10 days because after 30 days, our new lock started for 20 days. As we know, 40 days have passed, which means 30 days of the lock period and 10 days from the new lock period, which is defaultRelockTime, which is 20 days. Therefore, our RemainUnlockPeriod should be 20 days - 10 days = 10 days.
   
But due to `defaultRelockTime - ((block.timestamp - lockTime) % defaultRelockTime)`, our RemainUnlockPeriod will be 20 days, which is incorrect.

Now, users can take advantage of this to not complete the defaultRelockTime and withdraw staked tokens early with minimum penalty.
## Vulnerability Detail

Scenario:  
Lock period: 30 days 
defaultRelockTime: 20 days  
(40 days - 1) have passed since the staking lock time.
If we use this to calculate the coolDownSecs or RemainUnlockPeriod then It will return 1 using calcRemainUnlockPeriod function but it should return 10 days + 1.
   
Now penalty will be applied for only 1 sec which will be minimum and because of our wrong calculation user now able to withdraw 10 days early by calling earlyExitById.

## Impact
Users can take advantage of this to withdraw early with minimum penalty.
## Code Snippet

## References
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L323  
## Tool used
Manual Review


## Recommendation
Below is the correct way of doing this:  
```solidity
    function calcRemainUnlockPeriod(LockedBalance memory userLock) public view returns (uint256) {
        uint256 lockTime = userLock.lockTime;
        uint256 lockPeriod = userLock.lockPeriod;
        
        if (lockPeriod <= defaultRelockTime || (block.timestamp - lockTime) < lockPeriod) {
            return lockPeriod - (block.timestamp - lockTime) % lockPeriod;
        } else {
            return defaultRelockTime - (block.timestamp - lockTime - lockPeriod) % defaultRelockTime; //-> here
        }
    }
```