Cool Pecan Otter

medium

# `calcRemainUnlockPeriod()` does not calculate correct result if `lockPeriod` cannot be divided by `defaultRelockTime`

## Summary

`calcRemainUnlockPeriod()` function is used to remaining unlock period for a lock. Since the locking logic works in cycles, modulo logic is used for calculation. However, the remaining locking period is incorrectly calculated if it enters the cycle of `defaultRelockTime`.

## Vulnerability Detail

The code can be split up to two cases:

1. If the time passed from initial `lockTime` is shorter than `lockPeriod`, the remaining time can be calculated by `lockPeriod - (block.timestamp - lockTime) % lockPeriod`.
2. If the time passed from initial `lockTime` is larger than `lockPeriod`, there are another two cases:
    - A. If `lockPeriod <= defaultRelockTime`, then we still use `lockPeriod` as the cycle.
    - B. If `lockPeriod > defaultRelockTime`, then we use `defaultRelockTime` as the cycle.

The issue here is for 2B case, which corresponds to the else-clause within the code. The calculation is only correct if `lockPeriod` can be divided by `defaultRelockTime`, and would be incorrect otherwise.

For example, if `lockPeriod` is 310 days, and `defaultRelockTime` is 30 days. Then at time == 320 days, the correct remaining time should be 20 days, because 320-310=10 days after the initial lock period, entering the 30 days cycle, would mean 30-10=20 days remaining.

However, the current formula `defaultRelockTime - (block.timestamp - lockTime) % defaultRelockTime` would result in 30-(320%30)=10 days remaining, which is incorrect.

```solidity
    function calcRemainUnlockPeriod(LockedBalance memory userLock) public view returns (uint256) {
        uint256 lockTime = userLock.lockTime;
        uint256 lockPeriod = userLock.lockPeriod;
        
        if (lockPeriod <= defaultRelockTime || (block.timestamp - lockTime) < lockPeriod) {
            // If the adjusted lock period is less than or equal to the default relock time, or if the current time is still within the adjusted lock period, return the remaining time based on the adjusted lock period.
            return lockPeriod - (block.timestamp - lockTime) % lockPeriod;
        } else {
            // If the current time exceeds the adjusted lock period, return the remaining time based on the default relock time.
>           return defaultRelockTime - (block.timestamp - lockTime) % defaultRelockTime;
        }
    }
```

## Impact

Unlock period calculation is incorrect.

## Code Snippet

- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L596-L607

## Tool used

Manual review

## Recommendation

Change the else-clause to return `defaultRelockTime - (block.timestamp - lockPeriod - lockTime) % defaultRelockTime;`.