Cool Pecan Otter

medium

# No slippage check for penalty payment for `earlyExitById()` function


## Summary

If users wish to exit the staking process early using earlyExitById(), they must pay a penalty. However, this penalty can vary significantly, especially near the end of a lock cycle. To prevent users from paying more than expected, a slippage parameter should be introduced.

## Vulnerability Detail

First we need to understand how the penalty is calculated. It consists of two parts: 1) `timePenaltyFraction` and `basePenaltyPercentage`, 2) `lock remaining time / lock period`.

The first part is changeable by admins by `setPenaltyCalcAttributes()`. So it may happen that these two penalty factors suddenly increase after the user submits the transaction (not saying that the admin will try to frontrun the user, but the transaction execution order may be different due to lesser gas fee.)

The second part is more important. When close to the end of a lock cycle, the time factor `(unlockTime - block.timestamp) / lockPeriod` will suddenly change from close to 0 to 1, which is a big difference in penalty. The core issue is we cannot predict when the transaction will be executed. Even if the user submits the transaction 10 minutes before cycle ends hoping for a small penalty, the transaction may be executed 11 minutes later and ending up in the beginning of a lock cycle, which the user would pay a large penalty.

```solidity
    function calcPenaltyAmount(LockedBalance memory userLock) public view returns (uint256 penaltyAmount) {
        if (userLock.amount == 0) return 0; // Return zero if there is no amount locked to avoid unnecessary calculations.
        uint256 unlockTime = userLock.unlockTime;
        uint256 lockPeriod = userLock.lockPeriod;
        uint256 penaltyFactor;


        if (lockPeriod <= defaultRelockTime || (block.timestamp - userLock.lockTime) < lockPeriod) {

>           penaltyFactor = (unlockTime - block.timestamp) * timePenaltyFraction / lockPeriod + basePenaltyPercentage;
        }
        else {
>           penaltyFactor = (unlockTime - block.timestamp) * timePenaltyFraction / defaultRelockTime + basePenaltyPercentage;
        }

        // Apply the calculated penalty factor to the locked amount.
        penaltyAmount = userLock.amount * penaltyFactor / WHOLE;
    }
```

## Impact

Users may pay more penalty then they expect when calling `earlyExitById()`.

## Code Snippet

- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L569-L586

## Tool used

Manual review

## Recommendation

Set a slippage parameter such as `maxPenaltyAmount` for the function `earlyExitById()`.