Bubbly Linen Badger

medium

# Missing `whenNotPaused` modifier for `exitLateById()` function

## Summary
There are two functions that allow the user to withdraw his staked tokens. The first one is `earlyExitById()` which directly returns the staked tokens back to the user and penalizes him. The second one is `exitLateById()` which unlike the first one doesn't return the tokens back to the user but instead after calling this one he has to additionaly call either `withdrawAllUnlockedToken()` or  `withdrawUnlockedTokenById()` which will give his staked tokens back. 

The issue is that `earlyExitById()` has the `whenNotPaused()` modifier but `exitLateById()` does not.

I'm not sure what the intentions of the devs are but exiting early achieves the same result as exiting late and withdrawing. The only difference is that the first option penalizes the user.

In my opinion this modifier should be on both functions or on neither of them.

Depending on the intention of the devs there are 2 options for vulnerability details, impact and recommendation

## Vulnerability Detail
Missing `whenNotPaused` modifier for `exitLateById()` function / Incorrect use of `whenNotPaused` modifier for `earlyExitById()`

## Impact
User will be able to exit late even when contract is paused. / User will not be able to exit early when contract is paused.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L310-L343
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L346-L371
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L434-L444

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add `whenNotPaused` modifier to `exitLateById()` or remove it from `earlyExitById()`
