Energetic Gingham Mouse

medium

# Rounding down when dividing in the commission calculation leads to the possibility of getting an award with impunity by paying insufficient commission

## Summary
To begin with, note that the user's reward is independent of the size of each individual steak. It depends only on the total number of steakings. Thus, it makes no difference to the system whether a user has staked 1000 tokens 1 time or 1000 times 1 token. He will get the same reward, because the reward depends only on [bal.lockedWithMultiplier which is added up for all steakings](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L276-L276).

Also note how the early withdrawal fee is counted.
key formula:
`penaltyAmount = userLock.amount * penaltyFactor / WHOLE;`.
where penaltyFactor is a number between 15_000 and 50_000 (depends on the number of days the user has been steaking - the more the greater). And userLock.amount is the sum of the individual steaking(importantly not all of them). Whole = 100_000
Thus, the user can select amount and penaltyFactor so that the rounding is 0.

Extreme cases - penaltyFactor = 15000, userLockAmount = 6: penalty = 0
penalty Factor = 50000, userLock Amount = 1: penalty = 0

An additional danger due to this rounding problem is added by the fact that the rewards received by the user depend on bal.lockedWithMultiplier and he pays a commission only for the deposited amount of tokens - userLock.amount.

## Vulnerability Detail
Let's describe an approximate type of attack.

Let the current total Supply With Multiplier = X
The user can deposit X / 3 tokens (from the message with the team and tests, it is assumed that the maximum multiplier is 3) to take half of the next reward. He must deposit these tokens 1-6 in a transaction (to fit into the extreme cases described above)
In total, the minimum user will need X / 18 transactions.

As soon as the user makes all the transactions, the rewards will be distributed, the user will receive exactly half of all the rewards (he can earn more, but he needs to deposit more tokens)

He can make earlyExit from all his stakes without paying a commission and getting his tokens back.
```solidity
if (lock.amount > penaltyAmount) {
            IERC20(stakingToken).safeTransfer(msg.sender, lock.amount - penaltyAmount);
            IERC20(stakingToken).safeTransfer(treasury, penaltyAmount);
            emit EarlyExitById(lockId, msg.sender, lock.amount - penaltyAmount, penaltyAmount);
        } else {
            IERC20(stakingToken).safeTransfer(treasury, lock.amount);
```

## Impact
The vulnerability becomes less dangerous the more stickers appear in the protocol. Since the more total Supply With Multiplier, the more the attacker needs to occupy in order to receive a significant reward.

Moreover, let's not forget about decimals ERC 20

if decimals is equal to 18, then the user will need to commit min in order to deposit at least 1 token 10 ** 18 / 6 There are a lot of transactions.

The situation becomes more dangerous if decimals = 6, as in the USDC. 10 ** 6 / 6 - It is more realistic to run such a number of transactions.

Therefore, the probability of this attack is Low
However, the potential impact is High

Total: medium
## Code Snippet
```solidity
function calcPenaltyAmount(LockedBalance memory userLock) public view returns (uint256 penaltyAmount) {
        if (userLock.amount == 0) return 0; // Return zero if there is no amount locked to avoid unnecessary calculations.
        uint256 unlockTime = userLock.unlockTime;
        uint256 lockPeriod = userLock.lockPeriod;
        uint256 penaltyFactor;


        if (lockPeriod <= defaultRelockTime || (block.timestamp - userLock.lockTime) < lockPeriod) {

            penaltyFactor = (unlockTime - block.timestamp) * timePenaltyFraction / lockPeriod + basePenaltyPercentage;
        }
        else {
            penaltyFactor = (unlockTime - block.timestamp) * timePenaltyFraction / defaultRelockTime + basePenaltyPercentage;
        }

        // Apply the calculated penalty factor to the locked amount.
        penaltyAmount = userLock.amount * penaltyFactor / WHOLE;
    }
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a check that the amount is at least 6.