Innocent Paisley Zebra

high

# User is being rewarded with old lockTimePeriod instead of rewarding defaultRelockTime in case of auto locking

## Summary
In the `Lock.sol` contract, when a user's staking token is auto-relocked, their stake will be relocked for only `defaultRelockTime`. However, rewards are distributed using the `currentLockPeriod` multiplier, which will be much higher than the multiplier of `defaultRelockTime`.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the gamma staking mechanism, an auto-relocking mechanism is implemented. This mechanism considers a user's stake to be automatically relocked for the `defaultRelockTime` when the user's actual lock period has passed . However, since the `defaultRelockTime` is only 30 days, the user's stake will be locked for only 30 days. Despite this, rewards for the relock period will be accrued as if the user is relocked for 360 days.

**Proof of Concept:**
1. Let's consider a user who staked 100 gamma tokens for 360 days. Since the user committed to a longer locking period, their stake in the system will be considered as twice the amount staked (multiplier of 2).
2. However, once the user's locking period of 360 days is over, their tokens will only be restaked for the `defaultRelockTime` (whose multiplier is only 1). This indicates a reduced commitment towards the protocol. Nevertheless, rewards are still being distributed based on the old multiplier.


## Impact
User will get more rewards than intended.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L596-L607


## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider redesigning the auto-relocking mechanism so that when the user's stake is relocked, rewards for that  auto-relock period will be distributed with the multiplier corresponding to that lock period.