Energetic Gingham Mouse

medium

# The (flash loan / a large number of funds) attack allows you to collect 3/4 of the rewards by paying a maximum of 1/2 commission

## Summary
It is worth noting that the commission paid by the user for [`Lock.sol::earlyExitById`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L313-L313) does not depend in any way on the multiplier with which the user steamed. And the rewards that the user receives for staking also depend on the multiplier with which the user steaks. Thus, the use of a large multiplier does not impose any responsibilities on the user, except temporary ones. However, this may not be enough, since the amount of commissions is limited to 50% of the number of tokens in the staking.

Let's simulate a potential attack
let's say the user has a lot of capital. This is not necessary, you can do with a flash loan, but for it you need to know when the rewards will be credited to the contract - and this is a MEV attack and they are outside the contest.

Therefore, let's assume that the user has a lot of capital. 

Let the current lockedSupplyWithMultiplier = X

Then the user drains X with a multiplier of 3 (the maximum multiplier, according to the developers and test files)

Then he receives 3/4 of the rewards, and then immediately withdraws his funds with a commission of a maximum of 50% of the invested amount of tokens.

Thus, if price(0.5X) < price(rewards) (and this is likely, since rewards are several tokens at once.) Then the user will be able to exchange tokens profitably for himself, and not profitably for the protocol (he took a little time - he took a lot).
## Vulnerability Detail

## Impact
The key drawback that this error highlights is that the multiplier that the user stakes does not affect the commission he pays, but significantly affects the rewards. 

Severity: medium
Impact: medium

Total: medium

## Code Snippet
```solidity
function calcPenaltyAmount(LockedBalance memory userLock) public view returns (uint256 penaltyAmount) {
        if (userLock.amount == 0) return 0; // Return zero if there is no amount locked to avoid unnecessary calculations.
        uint256 unlockTime = userLock.unlockTime;
        uint256 lockPeriod = userLock.lockPeriod;
        uint256 penaltyFactor;


        if (lockPeriod <= defaultRelockTime || (block.timestamp - userLock.lockTime) < lockPeriod) {

            penaltyFactor = (unlockTime - block.timestamp) * timePenaltyFraction / lockPeriod + basePenaltyPercentage;
        }
        else {
            penaltyFactor = (unlockTime - block.timestamp) * timePenaltyFraction / defaultRelockTime + basePenaltyPercentage;
        }

        // Apply the calculated penalty factor to the locked amount.
        penaltyAmount = userLock.amount * penaltyFactor / WHOLE;
    }
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add logic to control dependence size of penalty and staking multiplier