Square Grape Canary

high

# `exitLateById` Function Fails to Persist Changes to `LockedBalance` Struct Due to Incorrect Use of memory Instead of storage

## Summary

The `exitLateById()` function uses memory instead of storage for LockedBalance, causing state changes to not persist. Replace memory with storage to fix this.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `exitLateById()`  function in the Lock contract is designed to allow users to exit their locked positions late, updating unlock times and reducing locked balances. However, due to a bug, the function uses memory instead of storage for the LockedBalance struct, which means any modifications to the struct will not persist.

Affected Code:
```solidity

LockedBalance memory lockedBalance = locklist.getLockById(msg.sender, id);

```


## Impact

Using memory instead of storage means that any updates to the lockedBalance struct within the function will not persist. This can cause several issues, including:
State Inconsistency: Changes to the lockedBalance struct (e.g., updating unlockTime) will not be saved, leading to incorrect state management.


## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/703fd3604069489937037f20490ec8c492c0508e/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L352

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To ensure that changes to the lockedBalance struct persist, the memory keyword should be replaced with storage. This will create a reference to the actual data stored in the contract, allowing updates to be saved.