Dizzy Mulberry Mink

medium

# Looping over user locks leads to DoS attack

## Summary
There are unbounded loops in several functions that would lead to high chance of DoS. Issue from the previous audit has not been fixed.

## Vulnerability Detail
There are several functions in the contract Lock.sol contains unbounded for loops that iterate all of the user locks.

For example, below function can be observed to be prone to DoS attack.

`withdrawAllUnlockedToken` function iterates through all the locked balances for the user. Assume that attacker creates large number of small locks, attacker can just basically withdraw his small locking amount, spend gas, add another small locking, withdraw small locking, repeatedly do this and consume gas.
```solidity
for (uint256 i = 0; i < lockedBals.length; i++) {
                if (lockedBals[i].unlockTime != 0 && lockedBals[i].unlockTime < block.timestamp) {
                    totalUnlocked += lockedBals[i].amount; // Adds up the amount from all unlocked balances.
                    locklist.removeFromList(msg.sender, lockedBals[i].lockId); // Removes the lock from the list.
                }
```
In the previous audit, we can see the H-01 issue about this problem and clearly it's not solved. Protocol implemented the auto-relock strategy, added limit logic to the function below however this updates are not sufficient. There are still unbounded loops in the contract which can be used by malicious users to DoS.

"Aggregating user lock IDs can be done in an efficient and separate data structure (a "set") that allows cheap inserts and removals that do not require iteration."
You can see above report from previous audit that suggesting not to use iteration.

For-loop implementation for sure is not the best-practice method to calculate Staking Rewards for the staking contracts.

There are unbounded iterations `claimableRewards`, `withdrawAllUnlockedToken`, `notifyUnseenReward`, `_getReward`, `_updateReward`, `_updateRewardDebt`.

A PoC test can be submitted if necessary.

## Impact
Out of Gas error, some functions won't be usable

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L213-L235
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L409-L430
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L538-L559
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L614-L629
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Do not use unbounded loops, do not use for-loop at all while calculating rewards. Even if you calculate on user-basis, as stated in the previous audit also.
Check masterchef of SushiSwap.
Limit the number of locks processed by transaction.