Daring Tin Liger

high

# withdrawAllUnlockedtokens() could revert and user will not able to witdraw his tokens

## Summary
In Lock.sol withdrawAllUnlockedToken() can run out of gas and user will not be able to withdraw his funds. the use of limit+=10 and page++ can cause error

## Vulnerability Detail
In withdrawAllUnlockedToken() function page and limit is initialised with 0 and lockCount would be no of locks of the caller.

Now in while loop , it will loop until limit would be >= lockcount. And in loop it will fetch all users lockbals array of structure. and then running through for loop it will add up all  total unlock amount and remove all locks from list of all the locks which have unlock time < block.timestamp.  

And then it will increment limit to 10 and pagesize to 1. 

Now there can be many cases , let suppose 1 case when count of locks of users can be a lot . And in which only few of them have reached lock time and many of them has not reach lock time. so for loop in while will iterate unnecessarily beacuse total unlock amount will get calcaulted in 1 loop only and it will be used to safetransfer. then after all loop until while ( limit < lockcount) would not be in use. 

Also saferansfer is done after the while loop so, if in best case lockcount will be too high and and out of which very less are removed from list (means which have reached locktime) , that many while and for loop will iterated in nested form . which can function run out of gas and 

"   IERC20(stakingToken).safeTransfer(msg.sender, totalUnlocked); "

will not be executed . so user will not able to withdraw his funds at that point of time.

even if count is medium or less , but limit and pagesize is unncessary iterate thorugh loop and will cause mmore gas. 

## Impact

user will not able to withdraw his unlocked tokens

## Code Snippet


https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking-Harsh4509/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L409C5-L430C6

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking-Harsh4509/blob/main/StakingV2/src/libraries/LockList.sol#L97C2-L110C6

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

should not pagesize and limt should be used in different way or should not be used. as it is not necessary to used it . and even if you want to use limit size dynammically on basis of lockcount . backend should be used for pagination
