Dazzling Cotton Jellyfish

medium

# The `Lock::initialize` function can be front-run, hijacking the contract ownership

## Summary

The `Lock.sol` contract allows the contract deployer to initialize the contract with specific parameters, including setting the contract owner. However, the `Lock` contract is meant to be upgradeable, and does not use a `constructor` for the mentioned initialization, but instead utilizes an `initialize` function. This design choice opens up the possibility for a front-running attack, as the `initialize` function is called after the contract deployment, and the contract ownership can be hijacked by a malicious actor.

## Vulnerability Detail

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L76

The `Lock::initialize` function is used to set the contract owner and initialize the contract with specific parameters. However, this function is not protected against front-running attacks, as it is called after the contract deployment, and the current implementation does not seem to utilize a factory contract to deploy the `Lock` contract. A malicious actor could monitor the transaction mempool for the `Lock` contract deployment transaction and quickly front-run the `initialize` function with their own address, hijacking the contract ownership.

## Impact

The vulnerability allows a malicious actor to front-run the `Lock::initialize` function and set themselves as the contract owner, potentially leading to users being tricked into using the now dangerous contract or funds being drained, if any tokens are sent to the contract, prior to the initialization.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
function initialize(
        address _locklist,
        uint128 _basePenaltyPercentage,
        uint128 _timePenaltyFraction,
        address _owner
    ) public initializer {
...
}
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Proof of concept

1. Malicious actor monitors the transaction mempool for the `Lock` contract deployment transaction.
2. Contract deployer deploys the `Lock` contract with the intention of quickly calling the `initialize` function to set the contract owner.
3. Malicious actor quickly front-runs the above by supplying more gas, ensuring that his transaction gets validated first, and calls the `Lock::initialize` function with their own address, setting themselves as the contract owner.
4. Malicious actor now has control over the contract and can potentially drain any funds sent to the contract or manipulate the contract's behavior, tricking users unaware of the situation.

## Recommendation

For initializing upgradeable contracts, make sure to deploy the contract using a factory contract that immediately calls `initialize` after deployment or make sure to call it immediately after deployment and verify that the transaction succeeded.
