Brilliant Olive Lion

high

# `initialize()` function can be front-run

## Summary
An attacker could front-run the deployment process and call the [Lock::initialize](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L76-L91) function to set their own parameters, e.g. set arbitrary implementation and token addresses or modify intended ownerships. There are no access control checks on the `initialize()` function used to configure the protocol during the deployment. 

## Vulnerability Detail
An attacker could front-run the `initialize` function before the intended deployer, setting malicious values for the initialization parameters. This type of vulnerability is particularly critical in upgradeable contracts where initialization is done via the `initializer` function instead of a constructor. Additionally, `initialize` function in the `Lock` contract is currently `public` and does not include any access control checks. As a result, anyone could call the `initialize` function as soon as the contract is deployed.

Unfortunately, `Initializable` and `OwnableUpgradable` do not protect against front-running attacks.
`Initializable` - ensures that a function with the `initializer` modifier can be called only once
`OwnableUpgradable` - provides basic access control with an owner who can execute specific functions

Exploit Scenario
Bob deploys the Lock contract. Eve front-runs the contract initialization and sets her own address for the `_owner` address. As a result, she now has full-control over the contract.

## Impact
High. An attacker can front-run the deployment process and initialize the contract with malicious values, such as setting the lock list to an address they control, using inappropriate penalty values, or making themselves the contract owner. They will have a complete control over the contract's state and functions. Potential loss or misdirection of funds. Disruption of the contract's intended functionality and fairness.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L76-L91

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
1. Use the factory pattern to allow only the factory to call the initializer or ensure it is not front-runnable in the deploy script.
2. Ensure the initialize() is called in the same transaction as the contract deployment.
3. OpenZeppelin Docs: [Avoid leaving a contract unitialized](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/4.x/api/proxy#:~:text=Avoid%20leaving%20a%20contract%20uninitialized). To prevent the implementation contract from being used, you should invoke the [_disableInitializers](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/4.x/api/proxy#Initializable-_disableInitializers--) function in the constructor to automatically lock it when it is deployed

