Damaged Carbon Platypus

medium

# Mid_04_Wrong_Iteration_Length

## Summary
The `Lock::notifyUnseenReward` function does not work as intended, leading to potential reverts and incorrect processing of reward tokens.

## Vulnerability Detail
The function aims to check and update unseen rewards for a given list of reward tokens. However, it mistakenly uses the length of the `rewardTokens` state variable to control the loop, which iterates over the `_rewardTokens` input array. This discrepancy causes several issues:
- The function will revert if `_rewardTokens.length` is less than `rewardTokens.length`, due to an out-of-bounds access on `_rewardTokens`.
- The function does not iterate over the entire `_rewardTokens` list if `_rewardTokens.length` is greater than `rewardTokens.length`.
- If `_rewardTokens.length` equals `rewardTokens.length`, the function processes all elements, but this does not address the core issue mentioned in the previous audit.
  
Here is the link to the issue in the previous audit: 
https://gist.github.com/guhu95/84b0cc9237fab81c9d64b385b0974e23#yellow_circle--m-06-reverting--rewardtoken-can-brick-all-rewards-processing

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L504

## Impact
The function's incorrect loop control can cause reverts, halting execution and preventing updates to unseen rewards. This flaw undermines the functionality of filtering and processing reward tokens, potentially leading to missed rewards and contract instability.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
function notifyUnseenReward(address[] memory _rewardTokens) external {
    uint256 length = rewardTokens.length;
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < length; ++i) {
        if (rewardTokenAdded[_rewardTokens[i]]) {
            _notifyUnseenReward(_rewardTokens[i]);
        }
    }
}
```

## Proof Of Concept
For example, if in the contract we have `rewardTokens.length` equal to 10 and we give a list of addresses `_rewardTokens` with the length of 3, the for cycle will have a limit of: `uint256 length = rewardTokens.length;` or equal to 10. On run 4, `i` will be equal to 3 and it will revert as `_rewardTokens[3]` does not exist and is an overflow.

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Modify the function to use the length of the `_rewardTokens` input array for controlling the loop. Additionally, consider adding a check to ensure `_rewardTokens.length` does not exceed `rewardTokens.length`.

This will look like that:
```diff
function notifyUnseenReward(address[] memory _rewardTokens) external {
-   uint256 length = rewardTokens.length;
+   uint256 length = _rewardTokens.length;

+   require(length <= rewardTokens.length, "Input exceeds reward tokens limit");
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < length; ++i) {
        if (rewardTokenAdded[_rewardTokens[i]]) {
            _notifyUnseenReward(_rewardTokens[i]);
        }
    } 
}

```