Howling Bronze Chicken

high

# `exitLateById` for exited lock results in permanent loss of funds

## Summary

The `exitLateById` function, when called repeatedly with the same input, corrupts the user's balance tracking and permanently locks the funds of their other locks, due to each time reducing the balances for an already already exited lock.

## Vulnerability Detail

When `exitLateById` is called, it [retrieves the lock details using `locklist.getLockById`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L352-L366
), then [subtracts the lock's balance from the total locked supply and the user's locked balances](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L360-L364) (both with and without the lock multiplier).

However, it does not remove the lock from the `locklist`. Crucially, neither does it check whether the lock was already exited, [neither does `LockList.setExitedLateToTrue`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/libraries/LockList.sol#L74-L81) . The lock is only removed later if it is relocked [using `restakeAfterLateExit`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L397) or withdrawn [using `withdrawUnlockedTokenById`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L441) [or `withdrawAllUnlockedToken`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L420). 

As a result, `exitLateById` for each repeated call will subtract the locked balance **again and again**, even though it was already subtracted in previous calls. This permanently corrupts the user's balance tracking, because the balances can only be incremented by supplying new tokens, but withdrawal or re-locking will only use the balances once (and remove the lock). 

```solidity
        bal.lockedWithMultiplier -= multiplierBalance;
        bal.locked -= lockedBalance.amount;
```

## Impact

As a result, a repeated call results in an irrecoverable loss of funds for the user. In the worst case, this results in all of user's other locked balances being lost. It will also decrease their `lockedWithMultipler` balance, reducing their rewards incorrectly, resulting in loss of rewards too, and not only staked tokens. 

A user is likely to call `exitLateById` multiple times for the same lock ID:

1. Many users are likely to think that since the lock still exists, and hasn't been withdrawn after the first call, the call was unsuccessful, and it needs be repeated. On the other hand, if they istead saw a revert error like *"already exited, use withdraw or re-lock"*, they would understand the correct next step - otherwise they may keep trying, losing more and more funds. Some users may call the function again having not withdrawn yet, thinking it would result in more rewards.
2. Given the function's name and purpose, the catastrophic loss of "other" locks is neither expected nor intuitive. A user may expect that if the call doesn't revert, it is supported. Since the call doesn't transfer the assets to any third party or incur a penalty, they may consider it harmless, similarly to how all `withdraw` functions are implicitly harmless.
3. The loss of other locks due to a repeated call is not documented, so cannot be considered a user's fault. 
4. A repeated call is likely to be submitted when the network connection, or RPC responses are unreliable, or on chains that are prone to gas-related congestion or or deep re-orgs [like Polygon PoS](https://protos.com/polygon-hit-by-157-block-reorg-despite-hard-fork-to-reduce-reorgs/). This is because having not seen a successful result in the UI yet, a user is likely to submit multiple transactions, retrying `exitLateById` for the same lock ID. 
5. The issue is further exacerbated by the time-sensitivity of the call for locks that are about to be re-locked (at the end of their locking period). A user may be in a hurry and under pressure to avoid re-locking for another lengthy lock-up period.
6. A UI check is insufficient to prevent this, as it would depend on a perfect connecction with a perfectly synced RPC, and quickly reacting to prevent a repeated call. This is not the reality for any network and for many users, and especially for L2 networks for which RPCs tend to be overloaded and rate-limited. Furthermore, it would depend on the user using the specific FE, instead of a block explorer.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L352-L366

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

```diff
	LockedBalance memory lockedBalance = locklist.getLockById(msg.sender, id);
+	require(!lockedBalance.exitedLate, "exited late already, use withdraw or relock");
```

In either the `Lock` contract or `LockList`'s `setExitedLateToTrue` function, add a check to ensure `exitedLate` is not already true before allowing `exitLateById` to proceed. This will prevent the function from being called multiple times for the same lock ID.