Curly Shamrock Tardigrade

medium

# Users may stake under different conditions than they intended due to admin changes.

## Summary
The `stake()` and `restakeAfterLateExit()` functions receive index arguments, rather than the actual multiplier and lock period values. Because of that, users may unintentionally stake with different multipliers or lock periods than intended if the admins modify the `lockPeriod` and `rewardMultiplier` arrays before the transactions are executed.

## Vulnerability Detail
Both functions (`stake()` and `restakeAfterLateExit()`) receive the `typeIndex` parameter, which is used to determine the multiplier and lock period for the stake. The `typeIndex` is simply an index used to look up the actual values in the `lockPeriod` and `rewardMultiplier` arrays.

However, this reliance on an index rather than direct values means that if the `lockPeriod` and `rewardMultiplier` arrays are changed between the time the user signs the transaction and when it is executed (for example, if the transaction remains in the mempool and `setLockTypeInfo` is called in the meantime), the resulting lock period and multiplier may differ from what the user intended.

Consider the following scenario. At time T, the `lockPeriod` and `rewardMultipler` arrays are:

| Index       | 0  | 1  | 2   |
|-------------|----|----|-----|
| multipliers | 1  | 2  | 5   |
| lockPeriod  | 30 | 60 | 365 |

1. Alice intends to stake for 60 days, so she sends transaction A (txA) to call `stake(1e18, address(Alice), 1)`.

2. Admins send transaction B to change the `lockPeriod` and `rewardMultiplier` arrays (txB).

Both transactions are in the mempool, consider that txB is executed first, so the current configs are changed to:

| Index       | 0  | 1   | 2   |
|-------------|----|-----|-----|
| multipliers | 1  | 3   | 5   |
| lockPeriod  | 30 | 120 | 365 |

3. When Alice's txA is executed, her `typeIndex = 1` now corresponds to a 120-day lock period instead of the 60 days she initially intended. Consequently, her stake is locked for a much longer period than she expected.

This issue arises not from user error, as users cannot predict when admins will change the configurations. Moreover, there is no straightforward way for users to protect against this without continuously monitoring the mempool, which is infeasible on some L2 like Arbitrum or Optimism where there is no public mempool.

Note that the admins are not acting maliciously, they are only updating the contract configuration as intended. According to the project's README and confirmations from sponsors on Discord, the `lockPeriod` and `rewardMultiplier` arrays are intended to be updated in the future, making this a potential issue for unaware users. 

## Impact
Users may stake their tokens under unintended conditions, which can lead to their funds being locked for much longer than expected or having different multipliers than intended. Both outcomes are detrimental to the user.

## Code Snippet
function that modifies  `lockPeriod` and `rewardMultiplier` arrays
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L128-L146

stake function
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L260-L307

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
To prevent users from staking their tokens under unintended conditions, which could result in their funds being locked for longer than expected or with different multipliers than intended, consider allowing users to pass the lock times directly rather than the array index. The function would then validate the values internally.
