Dandy Coral Iguana

medium

# User funds may be locked for unintended duration

## Summary
User funds may be locked for unexpected duration and multiplier and trying to quickly get back funds may result in upto 50% penalty.

## Vulnerability Detail
Calls to `stake` and `restakeAfterLateExit` take the `typeIndex` parameter for selecting the lock duration and multiplier. This parameter is used as an index into the `lockPeriod` and `rewardMultipliers` array to get the values. The owner can replace these arrays using `setLockTypeInfo`.

Consider this situation:
1. A user calls `stake` with `typeIndex = 1`, say corresponding to 30 days lock. Due to any reason, the transaction is not immediately included in a block.
2. In the meanwhile, the owners submit a transaction updating the `lockPeriod` array, in which the index 1 now corresponds to 90 days. This transaction gets accepted.
3. Now when the user's transaction gets accepted, his funds are locked for 90 days instead of the expected 30 days.

The issue occurs due to the owner's transaction unintentionally frontrunning the user transaction.

In case, the user wants his funds back quickly, he will have to pay a base penalty of 15% plus a time-varying penalty of up to 35%.

While the likelihood of this issue is low (can only happen when the owner calls `setLockTypeInfo`), it can result in unintended locking duration of user funds, and user may need to pay up to 50% penalty to get funds back sooner.

## Impact
User funds can be locked for unintended duration. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L128
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L245
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L378

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Instead of having the user pass in a index to the array, they can instead pass the lock duration and multiplier directly. The contract can verify whether the parameters are allowed.