Brilliant Olive Lion

medium

# Reentrancy Vulnerability in `withdrawUnlockedTokenById` and `earlyExitById` functions

## Summary
The current [Lock::withdrawUnlockedTokenById](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L437-L444) implementation is vulnerable to reentrancy. The implementation does not strictly follow the [Checks-Effects-Interactions (CEI) pattern](https://fravoll.github.io/solidity-patterns/checks_effects_interactions.html) as it is removing the lock from the lock list after sending out the tokens. This is an immediate risk to the protocol itself due to the possibility an attacker to exploit the reentrancy issue by withdrawing tokens multiple times before the contract state is updated.

## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability arises from the sequence of operations in the `withdrawUnlockedTokenById` function. The `IERC20(stakingToken).safeTransfer(msg.sender, lockedBal.amount)` call transfers tokens to the user before updating the lock list state with `locklist.removeFromList(msg.sender, id)`. This sequence allows an attacker to reenter the contract by calling another function that withdraws tokens, such as `earlyExitById`, before the state update occurs. The `earlyExitById` does NOT have a `nonReentrant` modifier. The function `exitLateById` can also be called, and it also does NOT have a `nonReentrant` modifier. Currently, all functions which rely on `locklist` and `lockId` are exposed to the attack.

Attack scenario:
1. An attacker stakes 100 tokens, creating a lock.
2. The attacker waits for the unlock period to pass. The attacker calls `withdrawUnlockedTokenById(lockId)` to withdraw the unlocked tokens.
3. During the transfer of tokens `IERC20(stakingToken).safeTransfer(msg.sender, lockedBal.amount)`, the attacker uses a malicious contract to reenter and call `earlyExitById(lockId)`. Lock object at the time or re-entry:
`LockedBalance({ lockId: 0, amount: 100000000000000000000 [1e20], unlockTime: 0, multiplier: 1, lockTime: 1716125771 [1.716e9], lockPeriod: 10, exitedLate: false })`

Example formula and given constants:
basePenaltyPercentage: 15% (0.15 in decimal)
timePenaltyFraction: 35% (0.35 in decimal)
WHOLE: 100000 (100% in integer format for calculation purposes)

4. The attacker receives a penalty for exiting early:
penaltyFactor = (1716125791 - 1716125782) * 0.35 / 10 + 0.15
penaltyFactor = 9 * 0.035 + 0.15 = 0.315 + 0.15 = 0.465 (46.5%)
penaltyFactor in contract format: 46500 (46.5% of 100000)
penaltyAmount = 100e18 * 46500 / 100000 = 46.5e18 (**46.5 tokens**)

The net amount to the attacker after penalty is calculated as 100 - 46.5 = **53.5 tokens** 

5. Result of the reentrancy attack:
The first `withdrawUnlockedTokenById` function transfers 100 tokens.
The re-entrant call to `earlyExitById` transfers an additional 53.5 tokens.
Total tokens received by the attacker: 153.5 tokens.

## Impact
Medium. The issue causes a loss of funds by exploiting a reentrancy vulnerability, allowing an attacker to withdraw more tokens than they should be able to. The loss is constrained and requires specific conditions (i.e., an attacker having a token staked and the unlock time for it having passed). It breaks a core contract functionality - withdraw.
> Causes a loss of funds but requires certain external conditions or specific states, or a loss is highly constrained. The losses must exceed small, finite amount of funds, and any amount relevant based on the precision or significance of the loss.
> Breaks core contract functionality, rendering the contract useless or leading to loss of funds.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L437-L444

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Move the state update `locklist.removeFromList(msg.sender, id)` before the external call `IERC20(stakingToken).safeTransfer(msg.sender, lockedBal.amount)`. Additionally, `earlyExitById` and `exitLateById` can be marked as `nonReentrant`.
