Rough Lava Penguin

high

# Improper Upgradeable Proxy Implementation Allows Contract Ownership to Be Stolen

## Summary

The `Lock` contract improperly implements components for a proxy pattern allowing the contract ownership to be stolen by front-running.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `Lock` contract currently implements components required for an upgradeable proxy pattern. However, the contract is deployed and initialized non-atomically (without a factory), leaving the `Lock::initialize` function exposed publicly.

The context Q&A and project docs do not mention that the contract is intended to be deployed behind a proxy contract. 

While not in scope, the absence of any `script/` files implementing the deployment and use of a proxy, and `test/Setup.sol`'s  misuse of `initialize` reinforce this.

## Impact

Since the contract is created without a factory to atomically deploy and call the `initialize` function, it is possible to front-run the intended `initialize` call allowing an attacker to steal ownership of the contract.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
    function initialize(
        address _locklist,
        uint128 _basePenaltyPercentage,
        uint128 _timePenaltyFraction,
        address _owner
@>    ) public initializer {
        __Ownable_init(_owner);
        if (_locklist == address(0)) revert AddressZero();
        if (_basePenaltyPercentage > WHOLE || _timePenaltyFraction > WHOLE)
            revert WrongScaledPenaltyAmount();

        locklist = ILockList(_locklist);
        basePenaltyPercentage = _basePenaltyPercentage;
        timePenaltyFraction = _timePenaltyFraction;
        defaultRelockTime = 30 days;
    }
```

[Perma](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/703fd3604069489937037f20490ec8c492c0508e/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L76-L91)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

If the contract is intended to be used with a proxy, it should be created with a factory so the contract is deployed and initialized in the same transaction.

If it is not intended to be used with a proxy, `Lock::initialize` should be replaced with a normal `constructor` preventing front-running. In addition, non-upgradeable versions of libraries should be used.