Slow Sand Monkey

medium

# Stakers could sandwich reward distribution to profit without locking using `earlyExitById`

## Summary
As in title

## Vulnerability Detail
We first note two design points in the system:
- Stakers can withdraw locked tokens with a penalty using `earlyExitById` which depends on the time until the targeted lock expires. The max penalty (as a numerator of `WHOLE`) is `basePenaltyPercentage + timePenaltyFraction`.
- Stakers with existing locks when `notifyUnseenRewards` is called to distribute rewards will immediately receive the full reward amount.

Consequently, as long as the value of the staking tokens penalised due to an early exit are outweighed by the value of the reward tokens received, stakers could still profit with an early exit, reducing incentive to keep tokens locked.

Consider the following contrived example:
- Assume we're using the default penalty rates (max is 50%)
- Assume staking token is the GAMMA (18 dp) with value $0.1 USD per `1e18` GAMMA
- Assume reward token is USDC (6 dp)
- Assume `lockedSupplyWithMultiplier` is currently `1000e18` (GAMMA)
- User notices distribution of `200e6` USDC in mempool and front runs with stake that increases `lockedSupplyWithMultiplier` to `2000e18`, such that they are distributed `100e6` USDC in rewards
- User backcalls `earlyExitById` losing 50% of their locked amount, and retrieves their reward using `getAllRewards`
- Overall, user loses `500e18` GAMMA, equivalent to $50, but gains `100e6` USDC (which should be approximately $100), securing a profit of $50 without locking their tokens for any duration.

Note that the early exit does not have to be in the same block. The penalty rate reduces with time locked, so profitability also increases with time locked.

## Impact
The incentive to lock tokens is undermined by the possibility to secure profits by sandwiching reward distribution.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/703fd3604069489937037f20490ec8c492c0508e/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L313-L342

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Do not allow early exits or limit the amount of rewards receivable in the initial lock period depending on time locked.