Helpful Burlap Lizard

medium

# No Storage Gap for Upgradeable Contract which might lead to Storage Slot Collision .

## Summary
While using the upgradeable contracts there should be an implementation of empty storage slots for future udpates which is missing here which can lead to severe issue while upgrading the contract in the future.

## Vulnerability Detail
There must be a storage gap to allow developers to freely add new state variables in the future without compromising the storage compatibility with existing deployments . For Upgradeable Contract it will be very difficult to write new implementation code. Without the storage gap there may be a severe consequences like if the child contract variable gets overwritten by the new variable from the upgraded base contract it may result into a complete malfunction of the protocol which may result in loosing of funds of the user.

You can [look here](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/upgrades-plugins/1.x/writing-upgradeable#storage-gaps) for the explanation. Here, you can get to know about how to implement and why to use storage gaps while using the upgradeable contracts.

You can check the storage slots using foundry for **`Lock.sol`** 
* Run the following command in the terminal `forge inspect Lock storageLayout`

## Impact
As the `Lock.sol` contract is implemented as an Upgradeable contract there is no such declaration of Storage gaps in the contract. However, The Storage gap is essential while using any type of upgradebale contracts because it allows to freely add new state variable in the future updates without compromising the current state variable storage slots. 
While updating the contract in future while adding new functionalities or new state variables it will lead to **Storage Slot** collision as there is **No Storage Gaps** declared in the current state.

## Code Snippet
Add the recommended code from the recommendation here in the contract : https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L68

## Tool used

Manual Review
Foundry

## Recommendation
I would recommend adding the appropriate storage gaps according to the minimal requirement considering the future updates.

```diff
+  uint256[50] private __gap;
```
* Check [Openzeppelins Docs](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/upgrades-plugins/1.x/writing-upgradeable#storage-gaps) for more details.
