Howling Bronze Chicken

medium

# Locks with outdated multipliers cause reduced rewards for new stakers

## Summary

The `setLockTypeInfo` function allows the owner to update lock durations and their corresponding reward multipliers. However, if previous multipliers for some durations are higher than new ones,  users with locks created before the update continue to earn rewards at the outdated higher multipliers. This causes new users to lose rewards, due to an incorrectly lower share of rewards than expected, and reduces the incentive for new users to participate.

## Vulnerability Detail

The [`setLockTypeInfo`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L139) function updates the lock durations (`lockPeriod`) and their corresponding reward multipliers (`rewardMultipliers`). 

However, when these arrays are updated, existing locks created before the update continue to use the old multiplier values. Thus, if a legacy multiplier for some duration is higher than the updated multiplier for a similar duration, users with those legacy locks will continue earning rewards at the higher rate at the expense of any new users. Consequently, new users locking for similar durations lose a portion of their rewards, due to the higher share of the legacy locks.

Consider this scenario:

1. Initially, a 10-day lock has a 10x reward multiplier. User A locks for 10 days to take advantage of this.
2. Later, the owner updates the parameters so that a 10-day lock now has only a 5x multiplier (for example due to adding a 20 day lock-up with 10x multiplier).
3. New user B who locks for 10 days will have the new 5x multipler.

As a result, **user B receives only 33% of rewards, whereas user A now receives 67%,** while having same balances and lock-up period. User B loses a portion of their rewards to user A, and other users are less incentivized to use the staking contract.
## Impact

This results in certain loss of rewards for all new users due to lower share of rewards relative to their lock-up.

In addition to the direct loss of rewards, it can significantly disincentivize new users from participating in the lock-staking contract. This is because the contract overpays the users with outdated legacy locks.

Additionally, since the contract's main purpose is staking at different reward rates for different lock-up durations, this breaks core functionality, due to the mismatch between durations and reward multipliers.

While new settings can be better or worse than legacy, if they are better - legacy users can immediately update their locks by exiting and re-locking using `restakeAfterLateExit`. However, if the new settings are worse, they may indefinitely continue using the legacy multiplers, causing new users to lose rewards.

## Code Snippet

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L139](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L139)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider allowing the contract owner to update such legacy locks by calling `exitLateById` and `restakeAfterLateExit` on behalf of a user if needed. To avoid adding centralization and trust assumptions, the function can require that the locks only have outdated parameters.

```diff
+    function udpateOutdatedLocks(
+        uint256[] calldata lockIds,
+        uint256[] calldata typeIndices
+    ) external onlyOwner {
+	     // calls exitLateById + restakeAfterLateExit on behalf of users if their lock
+        // duration or multipliers do not match currently allowed ones
```
