Howling Bronze Chicken

medium

# Multiple functions lack `whenNotPaused` modifier

## Summary

Several critical functions in the staking contract are not protected by the `whenNotPaused` modifier. This allows users to withdraw tokens and modify balances even when the contract is paused, potentially leading to loss of funds and data corruption.

## Vulnerability Detail

The contract inherits from OpenZeppelin's `PausableUpgradeable` contract, which provides a `whenNotPaused` modifier to protect functions from being called while the contract is paused. However, only some of its functions like `stake`, `restakeAfterLateExi`, `earlyExitById`, `getReward`, and `getAllRewards` are properly paused. Some of its other critical functions like [`withdrawAllUnlockedToken`, `withdrawUnlockedTokenById`,](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L407-L444) [and `exitLateById`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L349-L371) are not using this modifier.

## Impact

In case of contract pause, the pause will be ineffective in preventing loss of funds and data corruption, due to allowing users to withdraw tokens and modify balances and lock states.

The contract may be paused for critical operations like updating configurations, mitigating an ongoing incident, or preparing for a contract upgrade that updates the state. During these periods, it's important that all state-modifying functions and token withdrawals are halted to prevent loss of funds and maintain data integrity, and not only some of the functions.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L407-L444
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L349-L371

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add the `whenNotPaused` modifier to all functions that allow token withdrawals or modify contract state, including `withdrawAllUnlockedToken`, `withdrawUnlockedTokenById`, and `exitLateById`.


```diff
-    function exitLateById(uint256 id) external {
+    function exitLateById(uint256 id) external whenNotPaused {

-    function withdrawAllUnlockedToken() external override nonReentrant {
+    function withdrawAllUnlockedToken() external override nonReentrant whenNotPaused {

-    function withdrawUnlockedTokenById(uint256 id) external nonReentrant {
+    function withdrawUnlockedTokenById(uint256 id) external nonReentrant whenNotPaused {
```