Howling Bronze Chicken

medium

# Unused malicious reward token can cause loss of funds and permanent DoS

## Summary

If a reward token suffers an exploit or its team becomes malicious, the token's contract can cause the staking contract to permanently revert on user operations for any other token, even if the malicious token is no longer actively used for rewards. This can result in a permanent loss of staked and reward tokens.

## Vulnerability Detail

The issue occurs because the `cumulatedReward` value for each reward token is [used in calculations every time `_updateReward`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L623) and [`_updateRewardDebt` are called](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L644). These functions are invoked during most user operations, such as staking, exiting, and claiming rewards.

```solidity
    function _updateReward(address account) internal {
        uint256 length = rewardTokens.length; // <-- ALL tokens added previously
        ...

        for (uint256 i = 0; i < length; ) {
            ..
            // the vulnerable multiplicaiton
            rewardDebt[account][token] = rewardInfo.cumulatedReward * bal.lockedWithMultiplier; 
            
            ...
        }
    }
```

However, even after being no longer used by the operators, a malicious token cannot be removed, but can still update its data because [`notifyUnseenReward` has no access control](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L504). An attacker controlling that contract, can exploit the update [in `_notifyUnseenReward` and `_notifyReward`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L471-L497):

```solidity
    function _notifyUnseenReward(address token) internal {
	    ...
        uint256 unseen = IERC20(token).balanceOf(address(this)) - r.balance; // <-- malicious balance value

        if (unseen > 0) {
            _notifyReward(token, unseen);
        }
        ...

    function _notifyReward(address _rewardToken, uint256 reward) internal {
	    ...
        r.cumulatedReward += newReward; // <-- increase the `cumulatedReward` value using the bad value
```

Consider this scenario:

1. A legitimate reward token is added and used in the staking contract.
2. The token later suffers an exploit or its team becomes malicious. The token cannot be removed from the staking contract.
3. To avoid using the compromised token, the operators decide to skip it when calling `notifyUnseenReward` during normal operations.
4. However, the **token's stored data** is still [used every time `_updateReward` is called](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L623) by any user operation. Specifically, it performs a multiplication of `rewardInfo.cumulatedReward * bal.lockedWithMultiplier`.
5. The malicious token owner can call `notifyUnseenReward` for that token and use the malicious contract to return any value from its `balanceOf` view. Because `notifyUnseenReward` can be called repeatedly, the `cumulatedReward` **storage value can be increased to a point where subsequent multiplications with it will always revert due to overflow**. This can cause to the token's `cumulatedReward`, over one or multiple calls, to increase to a value that will cause subsequent multiplications to overflow.
6. As a result, user operations that trigger `_updateReward` or `_updateRewardDebt` will revert.

## Impact

If a malicious reward token owner exploits this vulnerability, because it will break user calls to function using `_updateReward` it will break:
- [`stake` and `restakeAfterLateExit`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L268)
- [`earlyExitById` ](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L317)and [`exitLateById`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L350)
- [`getReward` and `getAllRewards`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L527)

Which will break most of the contract's functionality, causing a permanent DoS for user operations. 

This will in turn result in loss of staked tokens and reward tokens, as they will not be possible to withdraw (by exiting locks or by claiming rewards). Additionally,  [`recoverERC20` will not allow recovering these staking and reward tokens](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L659-L660).

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L623
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L471-L497

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To prevent this issue, consider restricting the `notifyUnseenReward` function to be callable only by the contract admin. This will prevent malicious reward token owners from corrupting the `cumulatedReward` data for tokens that are no longer in use. This does not significantly increase trust assumptions, and instead has the benefit of increasing the contract's MEV resistance.

```diff
-    function notifyUnseenReward(address[] memory _rewardTokens) external {
+    function notifyUnseenReward(address[] memory _rewardTokens) external onlyOwner {
```


