Howling Bronze Chicken

medium

# Rounding down of penalties allows many small locks to exploit rewards on L2s

## Summary

The penalty calculation in `calcPenaltyAmount` rounds down the penalty amount, allowing very small locks (e.g., 1 wei) to incur no penalty on immediate exit. On L2s with cheap gas fees this breaks the intended lock mechanism and enables users to abuse the system by creating many small, max duration locks to earn high multipliers without being penalized for early exits.

## Vulnerability Detail

The issue was previously identified in the audit finding [L-08](https://gist.github.com/guhu95/84b0cc9237fab81c9d64b385b0974e23#large_blue_circle-l-08-penalty-rounded-down-to-0-for-small-amounts) which was unaddressed in the current implementation. However, while previously the contract was intended to be deployed on L1 only, making it a low severity finding, the current intention of deploying it on multiple L2 with cheap gas fees significantly increases its likelihood and impact.

In the [`calcPenaltyAmount`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L585) function, the penalty amount is calculated as:
```solidity
	penaltyAmount = userLock.amount * penaltyFactor / WHOLE;
```

This calculation rounds down the result, which means that for very small `userLock.amount` values, the penalty amount will be rounded down to zero. For a small amount, for example 1 wei, the penalty calculation will result in `1 * penaltyFactor / WHOLE`, which rounds down to zero.

A user can create a large amount of such locks for the maximum duration and highest reward multiplier. They than can exit the lock at will without incurring any penalty (for example immediately after the next reward distribution). 

## Impact

While on L1 this will not be economical, on chains with cheap transaction fees, such as the intended L2 networks, it may become profitable for someone to use a second contract that will create a large amount of such locks in a single call (in a loop). The profitability of this will depend on gas costs, allowed reward multipliers, and the value of the staking token and reward tokens. Due to these factors, it's entirely possible that the rewards earned by such a contract will be higher than the L2 gas costs incurred. 

This allows them to earn high reward multipliers without actually committing to the intended lock duration, completely breaking the core functionality and intention of the contract.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L585

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To address this issue, always round the penalty amount in favor of the contract. Modify the penalty calculation to round up by adding 1 to the result:

```diff
-	penaltyAmount = userLock.amount * penaltyFactor / WHOLE;
+	penaltyAmount = userLock.amount * (penaltyFactor - 1) / WHOLE + 1;
```


This ensures that even for very small lock amounts, a minimum penalty of 1 wei will be applied, discouraging users from exploiting the rounding issue to avoid penalties on early exits.