Active Fuchsia Wombat

medium

# Token can be transferred even in the case of emergency

## Summary

`Lock.sol` implements pause/unpause flags to block staking and withdrawals in case of an emergency. However, there are some paths open which can be exploited by an attacker to withdraw tokens even during such situations.

## Vulnerability Detail

In the event of an emergency, the Admin can call `Lock.pause(`) to set `pause == true`. This action is intended to block stake and `earlyExitById()` operations due to the` WhenNotPaused` modifier. However,` exitLateById()` does not have such a modifier, allowing users to withdraw assets by calling exitLate

Why is this an issue?

`Emergency Token Outflow` : In an emergency, all outflows of tokens should be blocked. However, this is not the case as `exitLateById()` remains operational

`Uniform Risk` : Users with very near unlock times have the same risk as users performing an early exit. If users can withdraw assets during an emergency, it poses a problem. Yet, only one method is blocked.

`Automatic Restaking`: While staking is paused, upon completing the lock period, restaking will happen automatically. This contradicts the purpose of the pause state in staking. 


## Impact
Withdrawal of assets in case of emergency
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L349
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Prevent withdrawal and Restaking of tokens in case of emergency