Gorgeous Stone Meerkat

high

# [H-01] Lack of access control allows anyone in `Lock.sol::stake` to stake anyone's token

## Summary 

The stake function in the Lock.sol contract lacks proper access control, allowing any user to stake tokens on behalf of any other user. This can lead to unauthorized manipulation of token staking, compromising the security and integrity of the staking process.

## Vulnerability Detail

The stake function in Lock.sol does not implement access control mechanisms to verify that the caller is authorized to stake tokens on behalf of the specified address. As a result, any user can invoke the stake function to stake tokens for any address they choose, without restriction. This lack of authorization checks means that malicious actors can exploit this function to manipulate staking for other users without their consent.

## Impact

The absence of access control in the stake function can lead to several security issues, including:

Unauthorized Staking: Attackers can stake tokens on behalf of other users without permission, potentially locking up tokens in unwanted or malicious staking contracts.
User Confusion and Loss of Trust: Users may find their tokens staked without their consent, leading to confusion and loss of trust in the system.
Potential for Further Exploits: Unauthorized staking could be used as a vector for further exploits, such as manipulating rewards or leveraging staked tokens in ways that benefit the attacker.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L260

```solidity
function stake(uint256 amount, address onBehalfOf, uint256 typeIndex) external override {
        // q why is the isReLock false by default?
        _stake(amount, onBehalfOf, typeIndex, false);
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation 
Add an access control for the `stake` function in the `Lock.sol` to only allow the owner of a particular token to stake on behalf of themselves. 
