Straight Bone Rattlesnake

medium

# Lock.sol - Race condition for first depositor, if there are rewards in the contract

## Summary
The contract is notified of rewards that it received through `notifyUnseeReward`. From the contest description we know that:
The reward tokens will be sent periodically to the staking contract and function `notifyUnseenRewards()` will be called.
There is a special case inside `_notifyReward` that is used to prevent a division by zero:
```solidity
function _notifyReward(address _rewardToken, uint256 reward) internal {
->      if (lockedSupplyWithMultiplier == 0)
            return; // If there is no locked supply with multiplier, exit without adding rewards (prevents division by zero).

        Reward storage r = rewardData[_rewardToken]; // Accesses the reward structure for the specified token.
        uint256 newReward = reward * 1e36 / lockedSupplyWithMultiplier; // Calculates the reward per token, scaled up for precision.
        r.cumulatedReward += newReward; // Updates the cumulative reward for the token.
        r.lastUpdateTime = block.timestamp; // Sets the last update time to now.
        r.balance += reward; // Increments the balance of the token by the new reward amount.
    }
```
This case is hit only when currently there aren't any stakers in the protocol, aka no funds in the protocol and rewards are sent to the contract and notifyUnseenReward is called.

This has a side effect, it creates a race condition for the first staker of the protocol, as whoever first stakes and calls notifyUnseenReward, will be awarded all the rewards up to this point.
## Vulnerability Detail
Example:
1. The protocol has been running for some time and there aren't currently any stakers, so `lockedSupplyWithMultiplier = 0`.
2. Rewards are sent to Lock and `notifyUnseenRewards` is called.
3. The function doesn't record the rewards, as `lockedSupplyWithMultiplier = 0`.
4. Alice and Bob see that rewards were sent to the contract, so both of them call stake so they can be the first.
5. Alice's stake goes first and in the same tx she calls `notifyUnseenReward` and now since `lockedSupplyWithMultiplier != 0`, the rewards are recorded.
6. Bob's stake goes second and his `rewardDebt` is calculated and he is not eligible for any of the rewards that were sent.

Because of the check inside `notifyUnseenReward`, a race condition is created for the first depositor as stated above, which will award all the rewards to one user, while leaving all other stakers with nothing.

## Impact
Unfair win for single entity
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L489-L490
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
If rewards are sent to the protocol and `notifyUnseenReward` is called, either refund the tokens back or place them in a special variable, which can then be used by the owner of Lock to withdraw them.
