Crazy Green Deer

medium

# `Lock.notifyUnseenReward()` is not modified by the `whenNotPaused` modifier, potentially causing "unseen" rewards to be unrecoverable by the admin during an emergency pause

## Summary
During emergency pause, the staking contract might have extra amount of rewards ("unseen rewards" in the contract's term), and the admins (i.e. owner) might want to recover these rewards.
However, the `notifyUnseenReward()` function is not modified by the `whenNotPaused` modifier. If a malicious user calls `notifyUnseenReward()` during the emergency pause, those rewards will no longer be considered "unseen rewards" and will be distributed to the stakers. This would prevent the admins from recovering these rewards, disrupting their contingency plan.

## Vulnerability Detail
Consider the following two scenarios:
1. The reward sender (could be some contract in the Gamma ecosystem) mistakenly sends a large amount of reward tokens to the staking contract. The admins realize the mistake and want to recover these tokens, so they pause the staking contract.
2. The staking contract is paused during an emergency, but the reward sender continues to send reward tokens. The admins want to recover these tokens.

In both scenarios, the staking contract has "unseen" rewards that the admin wants to recover during the emergency pause.

However, while `_getReward()` is modified by `whenNotPaused`, neither `notifyUnseenReward()` nor its internal functions are modified by the `whenNotPaused` modifier.
```solidity
    function _getReward(
        address _user,
        address[] memory _rewardTokens
    ) internal whenNotPaused {
```

```solidity
    function notifyUnseenReward(address[] memory _rewardTokens) external {

    function _notifyUnseenReward(address token) internal {

    function _notifyReward(address _rewardToken, uint256 reward) internal {
```

As a result, a malicious actor can call the `notifyUnseenReward()` function during the emergency pause, causing the `unseen rewards` to become distributed rewards (as seen in the increase of rewardData[_rewardToken].cumulatedReward). This prevents the admins from easily recovering these unseen rewards.

A side note: the staking contract currently does not implement functionality to recover added reward tokens (the `recoverERC20()` cannot recover reward tokens). However, this does not invalidate the issue since:
1. The staking contract is upgradeable, so the admin can update the contract to allow recovery of mistakenly sent reward tokens.
2. The main point is that there are situations (like the two scenarios mentioned) where the admins want to pause the `notifyUnseenReward()` functionality, but this function is not modified by the `whenNotPaused()` modifier.

## Impact
During an emergency pause, reward tokens that the admins want to recover could be unrecoverable if a malicious attacker calls `notifyUnseenReward()`.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/703fd3604069489937037f20490ec8c492c0508e/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L538-L541

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/703fd3604069489937037f20490ec8c492c0508e/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L504C14-L504C32

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add the `whenNotPaused()` modifier to the `notifyUnseenReward()` function.