Straight Bone Rattlesnake

medium

# `Lock.sol#calcRemainUnlockPeriod()` - When a user exits exactly when his lock has finished, he will be `relocked` for the entire `defaultRelockTime`

## Summary
The protocol implements an automatic relocking mechanism. When a user wants to exit from a lock, he calls either `earlyExitById` or `exitLateById`.

In both cases, we call `calcRemainUnlockPeriod`.
```solidity
function calcRemainUnlockPeriod(LockedBalance memory userLock) public view returns (uint256) {
        uint256 lockTime = userLock.lockTime;
        uint256 lockPeriod = userLock.lockPeriod;
        
        if (lockPeriod <= defaultRelockTime || (block.timestamp - lockTime) < lockPeriod) {
            // If the adjusted lock period is less than or equal to the default relock time, or if the current time is still within the adjusted lock period, return the remaining time based on the adjusted lock period.
            return lockPeriod - (block.timestamp - lockTime) % lockPeriod;
        } else {
            // If the current time exceeds the adjusted lock period, return the remaining time based on the default relock time.
            return defaultRelockTime - (block.timestamp - lockTime) % defaultRelockTime;
        }
    }
```

Here we calculate the remaining unlock time based on the if/else statement.
```solidity
// If the current time exceeds the adjusted lock period, return the remaining time based on the default relock time.
            return defaultRelockTime - (block.timestamp - lockTime) % defaultRelockTime;
```
This happens when the user exits exactly when his lock period ends, basically at the last possible second.
When he does this, he will automatically be relocked for the entire `defaultRelockTime`, which is incorrect, as he exited exactly when his `lockPeriod` ended, meaning he didn't reap any extra rewards after his `lockPeriod`.

## Vulnerability Detail

Example:
1. Alice creates a lock with a `lockPeriod = 30` days and `defaultRelockTime = 15 days`.
2. Exactly 30 days pass and Alice wants to `exitLateById`, withdraw her funds and the get the rewards she is dued.
3. `calcRemainUnlockPeriod` will enter the else statement since `lockPeriod > defaultRelockTime` and `(block.timestamp - lockTime == lockPeriod
block.timestamp - lockTime) % defaultRelockPeriod = 0` as Alice exited exactly when her lock expired.
4. `calcReaminUnlockPeriod` will return 15 days, as `defaultRelockTime (15 days) - 0 = 15 days`, so she is automatically relocked for another 15 days, even though she exited exactly when her lock period ended,. She only reaped the rewards up to and including the 30 days she locked her funds, she wasn't eligible for any extra rewards, but still, she is relocked for another 15 days, which is incorrect.

The same thing happens in the if part of the statement.

Also if the user decides to call `earlyExitById`, he will be much heavily punished, as because he was relocked for the entire `defaultRelockTime`, his `penaltyFactor` will be much bigger, compared to if his `unlockTime = block.timestamp` as then it would be just the `basePenaltyPercentage`.

## Impact

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L600-L606
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a special case if:

`(block.timestamp - lockTime) % lockPeriod/defaultRelockTime = 0`

If this is true, return 0, as the user's lock period has ended and they don't have to be relocked again. 
