Innocent Paisley Zebra

high

# If penalty is less than added rewards attacker can profit using flash loan attack

## Summary
User can front-run a reward distribution with a flash loan to steal the rewards. Attacker can profit if the reward value is higher than penalty

## Vulnerability Detail

But 50% penalty would occur If users are want to withdraw their staked amount instantly in the same block. But in some the 50% penalty value can be less than the reward value the attacker gets. In such cases attacker can use a flashloan to get rewards instantly without locking.

Consider this scenario 
1. Attacker sees a reward distribution of 100 USD value of rewards in the mempool.
2. Attaker front-runs and  takes a 100 GAMMA (100 USD) loan and stakes and unstake at the same time
3. For simplicity lets assume no other users have any stake yet.
4. Attacker gets all 100 USD rewards
5. Attacker gets 50 GAMMA (50 USD) penalty
6. So, he buys 50 GAMMA (50 USD) to repay 100 GAMMA loan
7. Now the attacker gets a profit of 50 USD

The profit may change if there are other stakers in the point. But in any case the attacker can adjust the loan amount according to the distributed reward amount to get profited by the attack

## Impact
Attacker can get rewards without actually locking any stakingToken. Other users who already stake before the reward distribution point will loss rewards

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L245

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Rewards should be distributed gradually by time
