Quaint Pewter Camel

medium

# Malicious Actor Can Steal Rewards Without Real Commitment because rewards are given at once.

## Summary

> It is acceptable for users to try and front-run the sending of the rewards and staking before hand. Typically this will be taken care of via MEV-blockers, but even if not, it would still be considered acceptable given that the nature of the contract prevents deposits and withdraws in the same transaction.

In the Contest ReadMe (excerpt shown above) and the [contract description](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking-Dliteofficial?tab=readme-ov-file#q-please-list-any-known-issuesacceptable-risks-that-should-not-result-in-a-valid-finding), the protocol explains why frontrunning is an acceptable risk but in this findings, is a reason why in exceptional cases, a malicious actor can front-run reward notification transactions and the penalties and lock period have no effect, therefore, the actor can profit from frontrunning reward notification tx.

## Vulnerability Detail

To participate in staking on Gamma, the user has to call [`Lock::stake()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L245C4-L251C6), and if he is re-staking after a late exit, he has to call [`Lock::restakeAfterLateExit()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L378C1-L400C6). As there are different lock periods, if the user decides that a lock period is too long and he needs to withdraw his funds, he can call `Lock::earlyExitById()` to withdraw his funds immediately. The caveat with doing this is that the user will be penalized up to 35% of the amount being removed from the lock. This incentivises long-term commitment and disincentivises the attackers from swiftly depositing and withdrawing their staked funds, as mentioned in the contract's readme.

Vulnerability Scenario:

1. User A deposits 15 Gamma into a lock period of 30 days and a reward multiplier of 5:
    **User Balance:** 
            Locked: 15e18
            LockWithMultiplier: 75e18
    **Total Balance:**
            LockedSupply: 15e18
            LockedSupplyWithMultipluer: 75e18

2. User B deposits 10 Gamma into a lock period of 30 days and a reward multiplier of 5:
    **User Balance:** 
            Locked: 10e18
            LockWithMultiplier: 50e18
    **Total Balance:**
            LockedSupply: 25e18
            LockedSupplyWithMultipluer: 125e18

3. A reward of 100 DAI was notified in the contract. 
    Reward balance: 100e18
    Cumulated Reward: 0.8 per token lock with multiplier

4. **Earnings:**
    User A: 60e18 (0.8 * 75e18)
    User B: 40e18 (0.8 * 50e18)

5. User A withdraws his reward and calls `Lock::earlyExitById()` and is charged 35% of his deposit, he only lost 4 Gamma, He will have the rewards to cover up.

The point of this is to explain that the stakers have no real commitment. Contrary to what the protocol thinks, depending on the contract conditions, a malicious actor can ignore the penalty, stake, and unstake with enough rewards to cover the penalty and more.

Taking it a step further, the malicious would start by backrunning the reward notification, making a huge deposit. Reward notification goes through; the actor calls getRewards to get the rewards and calls `Lock::earlyExitById()`

## Impact

_Theft of rewards due to long-term stakers inspiring no real long-term commitment on the actor's part. Since rewards are deposited periodically, the actor can repeat this as many times as possible._

## Code Snippet

```solidity
        if (lockPeriod <= defaultRelockTime || (block.timestamp - userLock.lockTime) < lockPeriod) {

            penaltyFactor = (unlockTime - block.timestamp) * timePenaltyFraction / lockPeriod + basePenaltyPercentage;
        }
        else {
            penaltyFactor = (unlockTime - block.timestamp) * timePenaltyFraction / defaultRelockTime + basePenaltyPercentage;
        }

        // Apply the calculated penalty factor to the locked amount.
        penaltyAmount = userLock.amount * penaltyFactor / WHOLE;
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The rewards should be streamed to the staker based on how long they've staked. Therefore, instead of the user getting the 60 DAI rewards at once, they would be streamed gradually to the user.