Lone Vanilla Orangutan

medium

# Missing Zero Address Check

## Summary
Missing a zero address check in `Lock::setTreasury`

## Vulnerability Detail
Setting the `Lock::setTreasury` function with a zero address (0x0) in the smart contract can have severe implications, primarily due to the loss of control over the treasury and the inability to recover assets.

## Impact
Many DeFi protocols rely on treasuries to manage funds securely. If the treasury is compromised or misconfigured, it can disrupt the entire protocol's operations, affecting users' ability to trade, stake, or earn yields. Tokens or Ether sent to the zero address cannot be recovered. This is particularly problematic for decentralized finance (DeFi) applications, where users rely on the ability to withdraw their funds. Setting the treasury to the zero address effectively locks these funds indefinitely.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L163-L166

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate these risks, it's essential to implement checks in your smart contract to prevent setting the treasury to the zero address. One common approach is to use the require statement to ensure that the address being set as the treasury is not the zero address:

```javascript
// Define a custom error type
error Lock__InvalidTreasuryAddress(address _treasury);

// Refactor the setTreasury function to use revert with a custom error for gas efficiency purposes
function setTreasury(address _treasury) external onlyOwner {
    if (_treasury == address(0)) {
        revert InvalidTreasuryAddress(_treasury);
    }
    treasury = _treasury;
    emit SetTreasury(_treasury);
}

}
```

This simple addition helps prevent accidental or malicious attempts to set the treasury to the zero address, thereby safeguarding the contract's assets and ensuring the smooth operation of the protocol.