Straight Bone Rattlesnake

medium

# Malicious actor can use block stuffing to force staker into another cycle

## Summary

Currently, in the system, users can stake X amount for Y period. Still, if they want to unstake their assets they should first call [exitLateById](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L349), which will set an unlockTime in the future, when users would be able to withdraw their stakes. `unlockTime` is based on `stakeTime` + `lockPeriod` in situation without restake. The problem with this design is that if a user has called `exitLateById`  he loses his reward exposure, but still has to wait until the end of the stake period to withdraw his tokens. This means that most often users will wait until last moment of their `stakePeriod` before they call `exitLateById`, because they want to earn the most of rewards. 

## Vulnerability Detail
However, this design opens the door for very unpleasant for the victims' attack scenario -> block stuffing. 
[Block stuffing](https://medium.com/hackernoon/the-anatomy-of-a-block-stuffing-attack-a488698732ae) -> malicious actor spams the network with some transaction with a gas fee higher than the victim so that he can delay the execution of victims transaction. In the current situation, the chance of such a scenario is big, because stakers benefit from waiting until the last moment, and if a malicious party delays their execution of `exitLateById`, he could force them in restaking (locking their funds for another 30 days). Which is very inconvenient for the victim having in mind he wanted to unstake in the end of his period. 
At the time of writing this report (05.2024) one mainnet block is ~ `0.06626 Eth ~ $200`, which means that the malicious party can use around $200 to delay the victim transaction with 12 seconds. An attacker could continue doing it, if the victim is close to the restake period.

**NOTE** that the same issue may arrises with block [reorgs](https://medium.com/@nicolas.vargas_35315/what-are-blockchain-reorgs-and-how-to-detect-them-when-consuming-nodes-762300f4512e) on chains like polygon, which is a supported one by the protocol.
## Impact
- Forcefully delay (DoS) end-user action within 30 days, which may be crucial for the victim. 
- If protocol has paused and an attacker manages to execute the attack, impact for the victim is higher, because his funds doesn't earn him rewards for the restaked period, because he won't be able to call [restakeAfterLateExit](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L378), because it will revert on the `_stake` line
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L605
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
I am not sure how to mitigate this concern and have system constraint the same as now. 

- I would suggest to add a flag restakeAutomatically. When it is set, calcRemainUnlockPeriod would work as now, otherwise, force user to be in the system only for `stakePeriod`
- Or use the old design with keepers, which are set for 10-15 minutes before the end of the period.