Tangy Zinc Jaguar

high

# The lack of a deadline in `earlyExitById` can cause a loss of staking tokens.


## Summary
A validator can hold the transaction until it becomes disadvantageous for the user. A deadline is a useful tool to ensure that your transaction cannot be 'saved for later' to manipulate results, which can be disadvantageous for the user. Without this check, a validator can delay adding the transaction until it incurs the maximum disadvantage for the user.

The earlyExitById function allows users to exit their lock early with some penalty. However, the exitLateById function does not contain a deadline parameter. As a result, the transaction remains valid indefinitely, and coolDownSecs can vary depending on when the transaction is executed.

Consider a scenario where a user plans to exit the lock just a few seconds before the lock period ends. However, if their transaction is added to the block later, such that the lock period has already ended and a new relock period has started, the user will experience a significant loss of their amount in that lock. This loss could have been mitigated if a deadline check was used to ensure that the transaction would revert if a new relock period had started.


## Vulnerability Detail
Scenario:  
A user sends a transaction for earlyExitById when only 1 second is left to complete the lock period. However, their transaction gets added to the block later, after the new relock period has started. As a result, their coolDownSecs will be at the maximum since the new relock period has just begun. This leads to the user experiencing a loss of the maximum amount in that lock due to the maximum penalty.

## Impact
The user will lose their maximum staking tokens in that lock, contrary to what they had planned.

## Code Snippet

## References
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L313  
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implementing a deadline check to mitigate this risk.