Wide Menthol Anteater

high

# No deadline protection in functions `earlyExitById()` amd `exitLateById()` can cause bigger penalties or cooldown periods for the user.

## Summary

The `earlyExitById()` function in the staking contract allows users to exit their staked positions before the completion of their set lock period. However, due to reliance on the `block.timestamp` for calculating penalties and unlocking times, there is a timing vulnerability related to when transactions are mined which can unfairly penalize users.

The `exitLateById()` function allows user to exit after their lock has gone through the lock time assigned. This function also relies on `block.timestamp ` for calculating the unlock time which also introduces a vulnerability related to when transactions are mined.

## Vulnerability Detail

The vulnerability arises from the use of `block.timestamp` for calculating penalties and setting new unlock times. block.timestamp represents the timestamp of the current block and can vary slightly depending on when the block is mined. This reliance can lead to scenarios where users either pay more or less in penalties due to the exact time their transactions are mined, which they cannot control for the `earlyExitById()` function.

For `exitLateById()` this reliance can lead to scenarios where users can get longer periods of unlock time depending on when their transactions are mined, in short they are denied access to their funds.

Moreover the block proposer can intentionally or unintentionally grief a staker of the protocol. 

## Proof of Concept

### earlyExitById()

1. Alice stakes 10e18 of tokens into the system for 10 days.
2. Forward 9 days, Now Alice wants to exit the system by calling the function `earlyExitById()`.
3. She calculates that she will have to pay `18.5%` of her staked amount as penalty and she is content with it.
4. She has created the transaction and now is waiting for it to be executed.
5. Alice's transaction does not get executed at the end of 9th day instead is executed on the 10th day.
6. The system calculates on Day 10th that she has to stake for another 10 days now since 1 period has completed. 
6. This causes her to receive `maximum penalty` on her staked amount which is `50%` since she is basically exiting at the most earliest part of her lock period.

This is the worst case scenario where a `50%` deduction will be applied, even though the user had intended to exit with a `18.5%` deduction.

### exitLateById()

1. Alice stakes 10e18 of tokens into the system for 10 days.
2. Forward 9 days, Now Alice wants to exit the system by calling the function `exitLateById()`.
3. Her transaction is not executed immediately but is executed on the 10th day causing the system to set her unlockTime => `block.timestamp + cooldownSecs` (coolDown is the remaining amount of days she was supposed to stake for)
4. Since it is now the 10th Day, her lock period will end on the 20th before resetting again. This causes her to receive the `maximum` cooldown period and her funds can not be withdrawn until the 20th day.

This is the worst case where the a 100% Cooldown time will be applied, even though the user had intended to exit with a 1 day Cooldown period.

## Impact

DoS for Funds in the case of `exitLateById()` and Loss of funds due to unfair penalty in the case of `earlyExitById`

A user intending to execute a transaction just before the lock period expires might end up paying a `bigger` penalty as if they exited much earlier if their transaction is mined at a slightly later block than expected or A user intending to receive a cooldown period of 1 day to receive their funds back can be denied access to their funds for the maximum cooldown period.

## Code Snippet

[earlyExitById()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L313-L343)

[exitLateById()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-gamma-staking/blob/main/StakingV2/src/Lock.sol#L349-L371)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Take a transaction deadline input from the user in the functions and compare `deadline < block.timestamp` during the execution. Proceed with the function if true otherwise revert the call.